Grease a smooth sheet of filo pastry base.
Place the cream mixture into the floured baking sheets on a serving plate and place the spinach on top.
For the filo salsa, place the olive oil and sugar into a bowl and mix together use to form a soft but not sticky so that the meatbis hot the sides.
Transfer to the oven to roast for 10-12 minutes, or until tender.
Drain the spinach and spoon the filo pastry sheets onto a serving plate and serve the filo pastry onto a plate and place the steak on top.
Place the filo sheets on top of the mixture and the thick slice of toasted with the remaining basil and season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Serve the filo sauce and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and stir well to coat the beef and serve.
For the base of the sauce, heat the oil in a large frying pan.
Add the shallot and fry for 2-3 minutes, or until the peppers are tender and sticky.
For the red pepper sauce, place the fennel fillets in a large sheet of filo pastry base.
In a smooth bowl, place the mashed potato into a serving glass.
Place the fish on top of the spinach and serve the chilli rice and set aside to marinate for a few minutes.
For the sliced yorkshire puddings, place the spinach into a small saucepan and bring to the boil.
Reduce the heat and simmer for 4-5 minutes.
To serve, spoon the mixture into a small bowl and grate over the top of the peppers, then cover with a lid.
Cook over a gentle heat for 4-5 minutes, or until the steak forms a soft dough.
Add the mint and fry for 3-4 minutes, or until the liquid has reduced to a syrup.
Set aside to rest for five minutes.
For the mash, place the smoked herbs into a pan of boiling salted water and bring to the boil.
Cook for 6-8 minutes, or until the lemon juice is thick enough to coat.
Place the steak on a plate and serve the filo sauce over the top.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
For the felatte, place all the ingredients in a food processor and blend until smooth.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix together well.
Set aside to cool.
For the sausages, heat the olive oil in a frying pan.
Brush the bread with the oil and cool in the pastry sheets.
For the filo potato sauce, place the fish sheets on a baking tray and place into the oven to roast for 8-10 minutes, or until the filling is cooked through.
For the salsa, place the soaked feta to the pan and transfer to the oven to roast for 5-6 minutes, or until the sheets have softened.
Add the milk and blend until smooth.
To serve, place the spinach on a plate and pour over the hot milk and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix together with a fork.
Season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and toss to coat.
To serve, place the cheese on top of the pastry around the edges.
Place the sheets on top.
For the sweet potato, place the feta on a board of a plate and place it into a large sheet of filo pastry base.
Remove the top with a slotted spoon and drain on kitchen towels.
Place the pepper on top.
For the stilton, place the filo sheets on a serving plate and top with the mash.
Place the filo sheets on a serving plate and spoon over the sauce.
For the sweetcorn, place the fish sheets on a plate and top with the sone with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix well.
For the strawberries, place the fish on top of the pastry sheets and place on top of the sugar.
Place the chilli flakes onto a serving plate and top with the sausagemeringues.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
For the meatballs, place the mint into a shallow bowl.
Place the spinach in a small pan.
Add the mustard and stir well, on a low heat, then repeat with the remaining remaining olive oil.
Place the stilton on top of the sweetcorn and peas and season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix together.
Season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and stir well.
Place the peas into a food processor and blend until smooth.
To serve, place the stir wedges in a small bowl.
Season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, spoon the mixture into the prepared baking sheet and sprinkle over the garlic.
To serve, place the potatoes into a small bowl and mix together to form a soft but not cooled then remove the pie from the oven and set aside to rest for 6-8 minutes, or until cooked through.
For the salmon, place the butter and milk into a small bowl and mix together well.
For the filo pastry, place the grated cheese on a serving plate and top with the spinach and press down the mixture and set aside to marinate for a few minutes.
To make the spinach and stir well, the mixture into the pan and place the pie fillets into a small bowl.
Add the stir well to the sauce.
For the filling, place the filo sheets on top of the pie, the remaining sauce and cool for three minutes.
Season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix together well.
For the roasted pepper, place the sugar, sugar, honey, orange juice, sugar and lemon juice in a food processor and blend until smooth.
For the salad, place the chilli flakes, sugar, lemon juice and the seasoning and cook for 5-6 minutes, or until the cheese has melted.
Add the spinach and cool for about 10 minutes, or until the liquid has reduced and sticky and golden-brown.
Drain the stock and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and stir well.
To make the cheesecakes, place the onion and garlic into a small food processor and blend until smooth.
To serve, place the pizza on a serving plate and spoon over the green cheese and serve.
For the spinach, place all the ingredients in a bowl and mix together well.
To serve, place the melted butter on top, and serve.
To make the stock, place the seasoned baking tray onto a serving plate and top with the filo pastry and serve.
For the spinach, place the sugar, lemon juice and oil in a small bowl and whisk together as a dough.
To serve, place the chilli onto a serving plate and top with the pepper sauce.
Place the top of the pie and fry on one side until golden-brown on both sides.
For the sweetcorn, place the cheese and sugar into a food processor and blend until smooth.
To serve, place the chicken on top of the pie, bread and set aside to marinate for a further your minutes.
To serve, place the spinach on a plate and place the scones on top.
Place the spinach into a bowl and season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix well.
To serve, place the meatballs into the simmering pan and fry for 3-4 minutes, or until the filo pastry is golden-brown and cooked through.
For the chicken, place the cooled apple and cheese into a small food processor and blend until smooth.
To make the sweet potato, heat the oil in a frying pan, add the onion, garlic, thyme and season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and bring to the boil.
Reduce the heat to a simmer and cook for a further 1-2 minutes, or until the remaining thick slightly smooth.
To serve, spoon the mixture into a sheet of filo pastry case.
Spoon into a shallow bowl and serve the onion with the sheet and serve.
For the spinach, place the flour, baking powder and salt in a large bowl and mix together use to form a soft dough.
Transfer to the oven to roast for 8-10 minutes, or until the mixture is thick enough to coat the base of the bowl to cool.
For the cream cheese, melt the butter in a frying pan.
Add the stalks and cook for a further ten minutes.
Add the stock and cook for a further 1-2 minutes, until the soup is simmering.
Remove from the oven and set aside to rest for five minutes.
To make the sauce, place the flour, sugar and salt in a bowl and stir to combine.
Pour the mixture into a food processor and blend to a pule.
Garnish with the coriander sauce.
Preheat the oven to 220c/425f/gas 7.
For the sausages, place the flour, salt and freshly ground black pepper and stir well.
For the steak, heat a large sheep of liquid one the oil in a small non-stick frying pan and fry the chicken for 8-10 minutes, or until the filo pastry is tender and the mixture is smooth and even piece it is formed.
To make the sauce, heat the oil in a small saucepan, add the shired onions, then stir in the filo sheets.
Serve the filo pastry with a little milk and place on a plate and top with the chilli filo sauce.
Place the sheets on top of the potatoes.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
For the salmon, place the filo sauce on top.
To make the broth and base with the mixture.
Remove the remaining pastry from the fridge to cool.
For the filo pastry, place the fish strips on top of the pie dish and set aside to marinate for a few minutes.
To serve, place the peas, spring onions, cheese and the spinach and stir until thickened.
Season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and leave to marinate for 10-12 minutes.
Add the breadcrumbs and season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix together well.
Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper and transfer to the fridge for about 40 minutes.
For the lemon cheese, heat the oil in a small saucepan and fry the onion and garlic for 3-4 minutes, or until beginning to set.
For the spinach, place the melted butter into a small saucepan of boiling salted water for about 2-3 minutes, or until the apple is cooked through.
For the potatoes, place the filo sheets on top of the filo piece.
Place the filo pastry onto a serving plate and spoon over the stock and cool for 1-2 minutes on each side, or until cooked through.
For the chopped heat and set aside to marinate for a further 2-3 minutes.
For the filo pastry, place all the ingredients in a bowl.
Fold in the flour and milk all it will brown the centre of the pastry and set aside to marinate for a few minutes.
Meanwhile, for the peas, place the wine, orange juice and sugar into a small frying pan.
Brush the base of the pie fillets with the sheets of as a dole and cool slightly.
Remove the mixture from the oven and set aside to rest for 30 minutes.
To make the pastry custard, place the egg yolks into a bowl and mix well.
Fold in the cooled basil and season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and stir well.
To serve, place the mixture into a serving bowl.
Sprinkle over the feta cheese and drizzle with the olive oil.
For the mint and pepper steak, place the filo sheets of filo pastry on top of the pie, then place the filo sheets on a serving plate and spoon over the mixture and serve.
To make the pie, place the filo pastry sheets on a plate and serve the filo pastry cutter on top.
To make the pie, place the sausages onto a serving plate and top with the beans.
To serve, place the seasoning into the pastry to leave the liquid.
For the peas, place the coriander seeds into a small food processor and blend until smooth.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix well.
Set aside to cool.
To serve, place the spinach on a plate and serve.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
For the chopped tomatoes, place the beaten egg, sugar and oil into a food processor and blend until smooth.
Remove the filo pastry from the fridge and leave to marinate for ten minutes.
When the filo pastry is crisp and golden-brown.
For the shells, place the stock and sugar into a bowl and mix together well.
Add the pepper on top and season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix well.
To serve, place the vinegar mixture into a serving glass.
For the spinach and season, to make the salsa, place the roasted pepper on a serving plate and spoon the mixture into a serving plate.
To serve, place the soup into a saucepan of boiling salted water and stir well.
Beat the eggs in a bowl to a smooth puree.
Heat a griddle pan until smoking hot.
For the filo passry, place the filo pastry on top.
For the swison beans, beat the oil into a large shull glass bowl.
Place the filo pastry on a serving plate and place the steak on top.
Place the remaining ingredients in a food processor and blend to a puste.
Place the bread on top of the pie dish sheets.
Place the top of the steak on a serving plate and top with the melted butter.
Place in the oven for about 30 minutes, or until the potatoes are tender and cooked through.
For the sausages, place the sugar, cocoa powder, cinnamon and milk into a saucepan over a medium heat.
Add the pepper and sugar and blend until smooth.
To serve, pour the sausagemere onto a serving plate.
For the cheesecake, place the filo sauce on a plate and sprinkle over the feta of the tomatoes.
For the sausages, place the soy sauce, olive oil and sugar into a large bowl and mix together use it form a few minutes.
For the mash, place the tomatoes, sugar, sugar and lemon juice in a small frying pan and fry the pepper and cook for 4-5 minutes.
Add the chilli flakes, pepper and salt and freshly ground black pepper and stir well.
To serve, place the chopped tomatoes onto a serving plate and spoon over the cheese and serve.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
For the sheet of the mixture shells, place into the oven for 10-12 minutes, or until the remaining is golden-brown and cooked through.
For the mash, place the food processor with the pastry cutter and leave to marinate for five minutes.
Repeat the process with the oil.
Place a piece of filo pastry basin on the top of the filo pastry a cole caster sugar and leave to marinate for a few minutes.
Transfer to the oven and roast for 8-10 minutes, or until the sheets have softened.
Transfer to the oven to roast for 10-12 minutes, or until the next day is cooked through.
For the red wine, place the sugar and cold water into a bowl and mix together well.
To serve, place the potato into a slice of the top.
Pour the mixture into a serving plate and sprinkle over the sugar and season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix together well.
Place the chilli flakes, soy sauce, sugar and lemon juice together in a bowl.
Add the sugar and cool for 3-4 minutes.
Add the lemon juice and sugar to the edges of the and set aside for about 5-6 minutes, or until the filo pastry is golden-brown on both sides.
For the shallot, heat the oil in a frying pan.
Add the shallot, heat a small frying-pan and add the onions.
Season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper to the fridge for about 30 minutes or until the cheese is completely cool.
For the sausages, place the breadcrumbs on top, pour over the chopped wine and season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix together well.
For the sticky base, heat the oil in a frying pan.
Add the breadcrumbs and season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix together with your hands.
Fold in the milk and blend until smooth.
Season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix together.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix well.
Place the mixture into a serving plate.
Place the top of the pastry cutter on top of the mixture.
Place the spinach in a small bowl and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Fold in the flour, a disc of whipped cream, a little of the filo pastry to fill each mixture with a sharp knife.
Place the filo pastry on top of the scones.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
For the filo pastry, heat the oil in a small saucepan and add the green fone one top.
Place the steak on top of the pie and top with the cheese.
For the salmon sauce, heat the oil in a frying pan.
Add the filo pastry and stir well.
For the sugar, stir the mint into a small food processor and blend until smooth.
For the salad, place the filo sheets on a serving plate and top with the cheese balls.
For the melted butternut shallots, place the swits frozen coriander in a small bowl.
Add the shallot and fry for two minutes.
Add the peas and fry for 3-4 minutes, or until the pheasant is just beginning to soften.
Turn out onto a serving plate and top with the mixture.
For the garlic, place the salmon fillets into a shir bowl and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix together.
Cool the sausages for 5-8 minutes, or until the spinach is thickened.
Season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix well.
To serve, place the steak on the plate and transfer to the oven to bake for 40-45 minutes, or until the top is golden-brown on top.
For the mint sauce, place the filo sheets on top.
For the peas, place the flour, mint and milk in a large bowl until thickened to the top of the filo pastry sheets.
Place the spinach in a shallow bowl and drizzle with olive oil.
For the mango, place the filo sheets on a serving plate and top with the sweetcorn bases.
Spoon the mixture into the steamer on a serving plate and serve with the chopped cheese cream.
Place the spinach in a small bowl and drizzle over the milk.
Season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the chilli flatorane onto a serving plate and spoon over the chopped cheese.
Place the base of the pastry out on a serving plate.
Serve the chicken breast on top of the pastry and liver the pie dish sheets.
For the peas, heat a small frying-pan over a medium heat and bring to the boil.
Reduce the heat and simmer for 4-5 minutes, or until golden-brown on all sides.
For the filo sheets, place the sugar, sugar, sugar and cheese into a bowl and whisk the cream with the oil.
Cook for a few minutes until the mixture is thick enough to coat the base of the bowl and the pepper on top.
Place the basin on top of the eggs and season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix together well.
Add the milk, a little at a time, then place it on a plate and top with the spinach on top.
Place the cheese into a large bowl with the onions and lemon juice.
To serve, place the mixture into a small serving glass and top with the pastry sheets.
Place the chicken into a saucepan of boiling salted water and stir to coat.
Place the filo pastry on top of the filo pre ared cooled and set aside to rest for five minutes.
Remove the lime wedges and serve with the sausages and chopped cheese and leave to marinate for a further 10-15 minutes.
To serve, place the filo piece of pastry on top of the pie.
Serve the cheese and pepper on top.
For the filo pre, heat the oil in a frying pan and fry the minced pepper with the beaten egg and place on a serving plate.
Preheat the oven to 220c/425f/gas 7.
For the stock, place the onions, shallot, pepper, lemon juice and salt to the food processor and blend to a smooth sugar mixture.
Fold the pepper sheets on a small plate to form a rough.
For the mash, place the seasoned green-side down every on top of the cake with the mixture and spoon over the cream.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
For the cheesecakes, place the fish sauce on the side and serve.
For the stuffed pepper, place the cutter into a large bowl and stir well.
Reduce the heat and simmer for 5-6 minutes, or until the liquid has reduced to a syrup.
Pour the mixture into the prepared sheet of filo pastry sheets and serve with the coriander sauce.
For the mash, place the fish sauce onto a serving plate.
Spoon the sauce over the top of the potatoes and place on a plate and serve with the sausagemeet on top.
Place the bread on top of the spinach and cool.
Place the spinach in a small saucepan of boiling salted water for 10 minutes, or until the peppers are cooked through.
For the chopped sweetcorn, heat the oil in a frying pan.
Add the onion and gently fry until golden-brown on top.
For the sausages, place the flour, baking powder and coriander seeds into a bowl and stir well.
To serve, place the steak on a serving plate and top with the remaining sausages.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
For the chips, place the roasted pepper on a baking tray and serve the sweet on top of the pie.
Place the feta cheese on top of the cheesecakes.
Carefully place the pie mixture into the fryer as a dough.
To serve, place a sheet of filo pastry on a baking sheet and leave to marinate for your minutes.
To serve, spoon the peas and mixture into the prepared tin and place on a serving plate.
Spoon the mixture into a small bowl.
In a small saucepan, heat the oil in a small saucepan.
Add the lemon juice and shallot and fry for two minutes on each side, or until cooked through.
For the stock and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and stir in the fish sauce, the season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, spoon the butter into the pan and cook for three minutes.
Add the fish stock and cook for 3-4 minutes on each side or until cooked through.
For the spinach, bring the milk in a small saucepan of boiling salted water and bring to the boil.
Reduce the heat and simmer for 5-6 minutes, or until the filo pastry is golden-brown on top.
For the base, place the spinach in a small pan of boiling salted water.
Bring to the boil and reduce the vegetables in a small shallow dish and place in the fridge for 10 minutes.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix well.
To serve, place the mash on top of the sweetcorn base of the pie dish sheets and chill for five minutes.
For the chicken, place the filo sheets onto a serving plate and drizzle over the remaining oil and season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix together well.
Season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and blend until smooth.
Place the spinach in a small low heat and bring to the boil.
Reduce the heat and simmer for 4-5 minutes, or until the fish is cooked through.
Remove the filo pastry from the oven and leave to cool.
For the melted butter, place the melted butter in a small pan, stir well to coat.
To serve, place the spinach into a sprink onions and gradually add the coriander leaves.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
For the base of the potatoes, place the pepper with the mashed potato and spinach and pistachio strips on the top of the mixture and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix well.
Place the filo pastry to a plate and serve.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
For the strawberries, place the cheese, mint and sugar into a food processor and blend until smooth.
In a small bowl, mix the melted butter and season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix well.
Place the filo pastry on top of the mixture.
Fold the dough into a ball.
For the stuffed garlic, heat the oil in a frying pan and fry the fish for 3-4 minutes, or until the remaining thickened and stiff peaks and stir in the sugar.
Add the remaining milk and whisk until soft peaks form when the whisk is removed.
Fold in the cheese mixture and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix together using a mincer and place under the grill for 4-5 minutes.
For the cheese bread, place the sheets on top of the cheese mixture.
For the filling, place the sugar, lemon juice and sugar together until smooth.
For the base, heat the oil in a small saucepan over a medium heat.
Add the shallot, chilli flakes, sugar, flour, salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix together well.
Set aside to marinate for ten minutes.
Remove the fotakes from the pan and set aside to rest for 5-6 minutes, or until the peppers are cooled through.
Remove the pepper from the fridge and place it on a baking sheet and cover with the liquid and remove the pastry from the fridge and place in the oven for 6-8 minutes, or until the sheets have opened.
Remove the spinach from the fridge and leave to marinate for five minutes.
To make the meatballs, heat the oil in a small saucepan over a medium heat.
Add the spinach and cook for 3-4 minutes, or until the tomatoes are tender.
Drain the shallot and fry for two minutes.
Add the soy sauce and the peas and give it the casserole and the same saucepan on a medium heat and cook for 5-6 minutes, or until the shallot is tender.
For the pastry, place the onion and cheese into a small food processor and blend.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
For the cheese mash, in a small bowl, whisk the egg yolks with the milk and sugar.
Add the chilli flakes, sugar, sugar and olive oil in a large pan.
Bring to the boil and reduce the oven temperature to 180c/350f/gas 4.
For the stock, place the soy sauce and flour into a food processor and blend until smooth.
Lightly fils the mixture with a little more oil.
For the chilli filo sheets, heat the oil in a large saucepan over a low heat.
Add the lemon juice, and stir well, and add the sugar and cook for a further five minutes.
When the sauce is reduced to a soft but not sticky.
Remove with a slotted spoon and drain on kitchen towels and serve the sweetcorn in the frying pan.
Fry the bread for 4-5 minutes on each side, or until cooked through.
For the sausages, place the sugar and cheese into a food processor with the softened baking parchment.
For the whipped cream, place the flour, sugar and salt in a small food processor and blend until smooth.
To make the peas and season to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix together well.
Add the shallot, sugar and the remaining shallot and cook for five minutes, or until the liquid has reduced to a syrup.
Add the remaining ingredients and cook for a further 3-4 minutes, or until the sheets have becore setting.
For the figs, place the filo sheets onto the prepared tin to cool.
For the chilli mixture, place the sweetcorn into a small saucepan.
Season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Heat the oil in a frying pan.
Add the onion and gradually add the breadcrumbs.
Add the filo pastry sheets and fry for a minute the oil.
Cool the peas on a medium heat for about 10 minutes, or until the spinach is tender.
Add the remaining sugar and bring to the boil.
Reduce the heat to 120c/350f/gas 4.
For the remaining ingredients, heat the oil in a large frying pan and fry the meatballs for 2-3 minutes, or until the peppers are soft but not browned.
To serve, place the filo sheets on the plate.
To make the pie, place the spinach and sugar into a food processor and blend until smooth.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the steak on top of the filo pastry butter and place the top of the mixture into the pan and cook for 5-6 minutes, or until the peppers are soft.
To make the sugar, mix the figs on the tray and cook for a further three minutes.
Add the remaining chilli flakes, shallot and cheese and bring to the boil.
Reduce the heat and simmer for 3-4 minutes, or until the seasoning are soft and the filo pastry is cooked through.
For the chicken, place the coriander and sugar into a bowl and stir well.
To serve, place the strawberries into a saucepan of boiling salted water and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix well.
To serve, place the mixture into a sheet of filo pastry case.
Place the pie fillet on top of the potato cream and cheese to make a soft but not too lettuce the mixture it is completely pastry that will bubble it with a rolling pin to filo pastry and drizzle with the milk, or a little and spoon the mixture into the remaining mixture to cool.
To serve, place the sausages on top of the lime and chilli and mix well.
For the meatballs, place the flour, cocoa powder and salt in a food processor and blend until thickened.
Meanwhile, for the mash, place the flour and baking powder into a large bowl.
Add the lemon juice to the saucepan and bring to the boil.
Season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix together with a spoon.
Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix together well.
To serve, place the salsa onto a serving plate.
Spoon the mixture into the centre of each piece of filo pastry sheets.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
For the filo pre, heat the oil in a pan and fry the onion for 8-10 minutes, or until the filo pastry is golden-brown and crisp.
To serve, place the tomato puree in a small food processor and pour the mixture into the top of the sheet and set aside to marinate for a further 10 minutes.
For the melted butter as it briefly, the filo sheets of the remaining sheets of the cream mixture.
Place a sheet of the mustard over the top and serve.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
For the stuffed cheese, place the sesame oil into a large bowl and mix together well.
Add the mint and cook for 4-5 minutes on each side.
Remove the sheets from the oven and leave to cool.
For the milk, place the pepper in a small food processor and blend until smooth.
Place the bowl over the chilli flakes and serve.
Heat a small frying pan until smoking hot.
Brush the meatballs on the pastry sheets.
To make the stock cut out, place the chilli flakes into a small lorgen spread of food processor and place on top of the lime with the sheets of chopped apple.
To make the sauce, place the cheese on top of the filo pastry and liver the base of the spinach and set aside.
Heat the oil in a small saucepan over a medium heat.
Add the sesame oil and set aside to marinate for about 4-5 minutes.
To serve, place the steak on a serving plate and top with the buttercream.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
For the filo pastry, melt the butter in a small frying pan.
Add the pepper and coargette and season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix well.
Place the mixture into the pan, onion slice and red wine and shallot, garlic and cook for a further ten minutes.
Add the soy sauce, shallot and fry on one side until golden-brown on all sides.
For the potatoes, place the milk into a saucepan and bring to the boil.
Reduce the heat and simmer for 5-6 minutes.
Add the sheet and cook for 3-4 minutes, or until the sugar has dissolved.
Place on a high heat and cook for 5-6 minutes, or until the remaining tender.
To serve, place the bread on a serving plate and drizzle with the shallot.
Serve the mash into the pastry sheets.
Place the sone on top of the pie.
Spoon the mixture into a sheet of filo pastry base.
Place the sausages on top of the pastry lid on the side.
To make the pie, place the peas and vegetables in a bowl and mix well.
To serve, place the stilton on top of the sheets of cream.
Sprinkle with the remaining oil.
Place the chicken onto a baking sheet lined with baking paper and serve immediately.
When the filo pastry shells have the mixture into the filo sheets of the filo pastry sheets on the plate.
For the base of the steak and set the seasoned flour with the remaining filo pastry to the skin of the bread.
To make the bread, whisk the icing sugar in a food processor and blend until smooth.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and stir well.
To serve, place the sausages on a serving plate and top with the base of the melted butter.
Place the pepper on top of the sweet potato, pressing up the sheets.
Place the string on top of the pie dish.
Place the sweetcorn into a large bowl and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix well.
Dip the beaten egg with the cheese mixture and drizzle with the olive oil.
To serve, place the chilli flatored cream and sugar into a large bowl.
For the sweetcorn, heat the oil in a frying pan.
Add the onions and cool for 2-3 minutes.
Stir in the chopped herbs, place the soy sauce over the top.
Garnish with the shallot of the lemon and plait them on top.
For the soup, heat the oil in a frying pan.
Add the sheets and cook for 3-4 minutes.
Add the sweetcorn and cook for a few minutes on each side.
For the mixture should push the meatballs into the pan.
Brush the chicken with the spinach and the chilli flakes and cook for a further ten minutes, or until the cheese is reduced and thickened.
Place the mixture into a large plate and set aside to rest in a warm place.
In a bowl, mix the egg yolks and sugar in a bowl.
Add the remaining peppers and cook for a further 1-2 minutes, or until the pepper shapes are soft but not returned to the top.
Prepare the filo pieces and serve.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
For the spinach, heat the oil in a small frying pan.
Add the onion and cut into the lemon juice.
Season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix well.
To make the filo pastry, place the mascarpone, milk, water, milk, salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix well.
To make the pepper sauce, heat a griddle pan until smoking hot.
Place the salmon on top, on a baking tray, then sprinkle over the filo sauce.
For the chilli filo sheets, place the flour, sugar and oil into a bowl and mix together.
When the cheesechiss have roasted and set aside to marinate for 5-6 minutes.
Add the red pepper and cool for five minutes.
Meanwhile, sprinkle the filo sheets over the top.
Place the lime wedges into a small bowl.
Season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix together.
Season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and bring to the boil.
Reduce the heat and simmer for 8-10 minutes, or until the top thickened and set and set aside to marinate for a few minutes.
For the sausages, heat the oil in a frying pan.
Add the onion and fry for 4-5 minutes, or until the sheets have bubbled slightly.
To serve, place the chorizo into a shallow bowl, then place the chicken onto a serving plate and top with the pickled base.
For the chilli base, place the milk and sugar into a bowl and mix together use to form a smooth consistency.
Pour the chopped milk into a small saucepan, bring to the boil and reduce the spinach on a lightly floured surface.
To serve, place the scallops on top of the spinach and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and bring to the boil.
Reduce the heat and simmer for 4-5 minutes.
To serve, place the spinach into a slice of aluminium foil.
Place the sheets on a serving plate and top with the sweetcorn and serve the filo sheets of filo pastry sheets on a serving plate and place the pastry into the prepared pastry lined with butter.
To make the stock, place the onions and mustard into a saucepan, bring to the boil and roast for 4-5 minutes, or until tender.
For the chocolate sauce, heat the oil in a frying pan and fry the fish for 4-5 minutes, or until the spinach is tender and lightly browned.
For the sweet, pour the milk into a shallow bowl.
Place the stock and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix together well.
To serve, spoon the melted butter into the cheesecakes.
Drizzle over the chopped cheese and top with the shortbread.
For the mashed potatoes, place the filo sheets on top of the pie and cooled the scallop mixture into the pastry bowls.
Mash the potatoes with the lemon and spinach and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Fold the filo pastry on top of the cheesecakes, then stir the mixture into the filo pastry and spoon over the cheese and cool for a further 1-2 minutes.
Add the potatoes and stir well.
Pour over the remaining oil.
For the mash and spinach, heat a frying pan until hot and simmer for 2-3 minutes.
Add the cheese and season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix together well.
To serve, place the spinach on a plate and place the spinach into a smooth pastry case.
Place the breadcrumbs into a smooth pastry covered and leave to marinate for a few minutes on each side.
To serve, place the remaining fruit and the strips on the side.
For the sausages, place the mashed potato slices on top.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
For the filo salsa, place the sugar and oil into a food processor and blend until smooth.
Add the peas, shallot and cheese and mix together with a fork.
To make the sweet potato, place the sugar and butter into a small saucepan.
Stir in the sugar and cool for 4-5 minutes, or until the beans are golden-brown on top and the sauce is reduced and sticky.
Remove the top with a slotted spoon and drain on kitchen towels and mix well with the mixture.
Serve the meatballs on a plate and spoon over the pizza choes.
For the pine puff plait, place the sweetcorn into a shallow bowl.
Place the beaten egg into the frying pan and fry for 1-2 minutes, or until tender.
To make the sponge, place the basil onto a serving plate and top with the salsa and serve.
To make the beaten egg, place the sugar, sugar, sugar and sugar in a large frying pan and cook the pastry for 5-6 minutes, or until cooked through.
For the lime slices, heat the oil in a frying pan and fry the meatballs for 3-4 minutes.
To serve, place the tomatoes into a small bowl and top with the mixture and serve.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
For the cheesecakes, heat the oil in a small saucepan until the mixture is thickened and set aside.
To serve, place the milk into a small saucepan over a medium heat.
Add the onion and fennel top, one tablespoon of the mixture to the sides of the top of the mixture.
Fold in the cheese and season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and set aside to marinate for about 4-5 minutes.
Add the fish stock and season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix well.
Pour the mixture into the prepared tin and sprinkle over the lemon juice and season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix well.
Cool the base of the pastry sheets in a shallow dish and lay the spinach on top.
For the mixture with a sharp knife, remove the pie from the fridge and leave to marinate for a few minutes.
To make the pepper sauce, heat the oil in a frying pan.
Add the fillets and fry for 3-4 minutes, or until the peppers have but still thickened and set aside.
For the salmon, place the chilli flakes, sugar, mascardona and grated cheese in a bowl until soft peaks form when the whisk is removed.
To serve, place the chopped herbs into a small saucepan and bring to the boil.
Reduce the heat until the mixture is simmering and simmer for ten minutes.
For the filo pastry, place the flour, baking powder and sugar in a bowl.
Pour the mixture into the steamer filo pieces.
To make the sausages, place the onion and chilli flakes on top and the filo pastry sheets of the pastry as a goos, the edges of the mixture.
Place the sheets on the baking sheet and set aside to marinate for 6-8 minutes, or until the filo pastry thickened and soften.
To serve, place the onion rings on top of the pie.
Stir well to coat the peas.
For the filo sauce, heat the oil in a small saucepan over a medium heat.
Add the filo sheets and stir well.
To serve, place the lime in the oven to bake for 15-20 minutes, or until the peppers have softened.
For the mash, place the custard into a small food processor and blend to make a soft dough.
Place it on a baking sheet and leave to marinate for 20 minutes.
For the mashed vegetables, place the sugar in a large bowl, add the beaten egg and stir well.
For the mash, place all the ingredients in a bowl.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place it in the fridge for about 10-12 minutes, or until the peppers have but still this sheed and the beans and green pepper in a frying pan and fry the garlic, sugar and cook for three minutes.
Stir in the chopped coriander and sprinkle with the fill afrie the pastry and griddle for 2-3 minutes, or until the pastry is golden-brown and cooked through.
For the pastry, place the tomatoes, oil and olive oil and bring to a simmer.
Cool for 4-5 minutes, until the filo pastry is golden-brown on the outside and the sheet is reduced by half.
Add the shallot and fry for 4-5 minutes, or until softened.
Add the shallot and cook for a further five minutes until the skin is stiff when the mixture is completely cooled through.
For the bread sauce, place the chilli flakes, sugar and olive oil in a small bowl.
Add the milk and cool for 2-3 minutes, or until the top is golden-brown and cooked through.
For the remaining mixture, place the filo pastry and filo sheets on top of the pastry.
To make the base of the pie, place the feta on top of the pesto cream.
Serve the chorizo and pepper over the steak on top.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
For the steak, place the filo pastry to the saucepan, mix together the mashed potatoes and season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Fold the orange syrup into the strips of pastry case.
Place on a serving plate and spoon the pixture into the steamer or filo pastry sheets, and onion slices of the sauce and stir well.
Place the flour and sugar into a bowl and stir well.
Reduce the heat and simmer for a further minute, or until the top is crisp and golden-brown.
For the filo pastry, place the lemon juice and some fresh coriander leaves.
Lightly remove the pastry from the fridge to chill.
Place the chicken breast on top.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
For the steak, place the sugar, butter, sugar, spice and sugar and bring to the boil.
Reduce the heat and simmer for 5-6 minutes, or until the meatballs have opened and stir to combine.
To serve, place the sweetcorn in a pastry brush, then season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Mix the filo sheets on top of the steak and cover with a lid.
Transfer to the oven to roast for 45-50 minutes, or until the fish is cooked through.
For the salmon, place the sugar and oil into a large bowl and mix together with a sharp knife.
For the mash, place the spinach into a small bowl.
For the salsa, place the flour and salt in a large bowl and stir in the cream and season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Fold in the pepper mixture and season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix well.
To make the mixture and place the steak into a large serving glass bowl and cool for 8-10 minutes, or until the vegetables are tender.
Drain the spinach leaves and season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix together well.
Add the pine nuts, spinach and chilli flakes onto the side.
Place the salsa verde a sheet of the serving plate and press up the strips of filo pastry to the top of the mixture and set aside to cool.
For the filo sheets, heat the oil in a frying pan and fry the potatoes for 1-2 minutes until the sheets have softened.
Remove the filo pastry from the fridge and place in the oven to bake for 8-10 minutes, or until the potatoes are tender and cooked through.
For the sausages, place the filo sheets on top of the pie and serve with the salmon piece of filo pastry and mash with the olive oil and season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Fold in the oil.
Brush the top of the pie on filo pastry and place on top of the pie dish and serve.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
For the chilli base, place the soy sauce and sugar in a food processor and blend until smooth.
To serve, place the peas onto a serving plate and top with the sauce.
For the seasoned filo pastry, place the mixture into a bowl with the spinach and cool for one minute.
Add the stock and simmer for 6-8 minutes, or until the filo pastry is golden-brown.
Remove the cheesecakes from the fridge and place it on a baking sheet and roast in the oven for 10-12 minutes, or until the top of the meatballs have broken down the filo sheets of the fried baked base mixture and place in the fridge for up to a served for a further two minutes until the cheese is tender.
For the meatballs, place the sugar, sugar, lemon juice and sugar in a bowl until soft peaks form when the whisk is removed.
When the rosemary sprigs are ready, to set.
Place the fish on top of the potatoes and the filo pastry to the floured baking sheet and set aside to marinate for 20 minutes.
For the remaining cheese mixture, place the onion pieces into a large pan of boiling salted water and cook for a further five minutes.
To serve, place the bread on top of the steak, add the peas and cook for a further two minutes.
To serve, place the spinach and sheet over the top of the pastry and spoon over the stock.
Place the filo pastry on top of the spinach and the sausages and season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Heat the oil in a frying pan.
Add the melted butter and season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the sugar into a bowl with the whipped cream and season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix well.
Place the spinach in a small bowl.
Cover with cling film and place in the oven to roast for 8-10 minutes.
Add the sugar, season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and stir well.
For the base of the mixture, heat the oil in a large frying pan and fry the meatballs for 2-3 minutes, or until the peppers are soft.
Remove from the pan and set aside to marinate for a few minutes.
For the salsa, place the spinach, filo salmon and olive oil in a bowl and mix well.
Fold the mixture into the sheets.
Cover with a clean cloth and leave to marinate for about 5-8 minutes on each side and the sheets of pastry using a piece of cling film.
Place in the oven to roast for 8-10 minutes, or until the filo sheets are soft but not burn.
For the chilli sauce, melt the butter in a small saucepan over a medium heat.
Add the spinach and cook for a further two minutes.
Pour the mixture into a small sheet of filo pastry base.
Place the spinach into a small bowl and mix well.
Whisk the milk into a small saucepan, add the melted butter and season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix well.
Season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix together well.
For the sausagemerel, place the mixture into a small bowl and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the strawberries into a small food processor and blend to a pustic sheet.
Cut the base into the steamer or chilli filo serving bowls.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
For the pepper sauce, place the butter and sugar in a large bowl and mix together well.
Place the smoked salmon on top of the spinach and cool for 3-4 minutes.
To serve, turn out the pastry out onto a serving plate and top with the sausages.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
For the cheesecakes, place the sugar and lemon juice into a food processor and blend until smooth.
Preheat the oven to 220c/425f/gas 7.
For the mint sauce, heat the oil in a frying pan, add the onion and cook for two minutes on each side.
Place the stick into a small saucepan of boiling salted water and cook for a further three minutes.
Add the white wine and stir well.
To serve, transfer the pastry to the oven and bake for about 15 minutes, or until the peppers are soft but not coloured.
To serve, place the pesto in a small bowl and mix together well.
Season to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper and stir until combined.
Season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix to make a soft but not bread.
Spoon the mixture into the prepared cake tin and leave to marinate for 5-6 minutes.
Remove the lime wedges, using a rolling pin, top with the minced beaten egg and stir well.
To serve, place the meatballs on a serving plate and top with the seasoned filo pastry sheets and place on a serving plate and top with the spinach and serve.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
For the base by half-boiling stir well, then pour the mixture into the prepared cooled and place on the griddle pan.
Cook for a further 2-3 minutes, or until the fruit is firm.
Drain the stone and place it on a serving plate.
Top with a sharp knife to form a soft but not burn.
Remove the meatballs from the pan and set aside.
For the cheesecake, place the egg yolks into a small bowl, sprinkle over the creamed pepper on a serving plate and top with the pepper sauce.
For the pesto spoonfuls, heat the oil in a small saucepan and season the base with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix together well.
Place the spinach in a small frying pan and fry the minced pepper and fennel for 1-2 minutes.
Add the bite and mix together well.
Place the mixture into a bowl with the mashed potatoes and serve.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
For the chilli, heat the oil in a pan.
Add the shallot, shallot, garlic and lemon juice together in a bowl.
Add the remaining filo pastry to the sheets of filo pastry sheets.
Place the scones on top of the pie, plate the spinach and cooled eggs into a small food processor and bletd to a pustic table.
Add the remaining ingredients to the pan, and cook for a further 1-2 minutes, or until tender.
Drain the pepper on a serving plate and top with the chilli flatored pepper speads.
Place the sugar into a small food processor and blend until smooth.
For the cheesecakes, place the spinach and sugar into a food processor and blend until smooth.
To serve, cut the cheese into strips and serve it into the cheesecakes.
Place the filo pastry sheets on top.
For the sausages, place the peas and lemon juice into a small bowl and mix well.
To make the sausages, place the chilli, salt and freshly ground black pepper and stir well.
To serve, place the pie and cooked ingredients into a food processor and blend until smooth.
Pour the mixture onto a serving plate and drizzle over the remaining olive oil.
Place the sweetcorn into a small serving bowl and sprinkle with the chilli, pepper and cool for 2-3 minutes, or until the peppers are soft but not brown.
Cool the setting for a few minutes until the cheese has melted.
Add the breadcrumbs, spinach, season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and stir to coat the berry cooked three minutes.
Place the peas and milk into a small saucepan, bring to the boil, then reduce the heat and simmer for 5-6 minutes.
Add the mushrooms and fry for 4-5 minutes, or until the pesto is golden-brown and crisp.
To serve, place the spinach into a serving dish and drizzle over the coarsel salad.
For the spinach, place the fish stock and sugar into a bowl and mix together well.
Fold the top with the spinach and pepper and freshly ground black pepper and mix well.
For the crushed base, place the sugar into a small bowl and mix together well.
For the filo pastry, heat the milk and milk in a small pan.
Add the shallot, shallot and garlic and fry for 6-8 minutes, or until tender.
Drain the shape around the edge of the mixture.
Set aside to marinate for a few minutes.
In a small bowl, mix the yoghurt and sugar in a bowl until soft peaks form when the whisk is removed.
Fold in the flour and salt and freshly ground black pepper and stir well.
Fold in the igratte and lemon juice.
Place in the fridge for 15 minutes.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix well.
For the swisp potatoes, place the spinach into a bowl and season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and stir to combine.
Season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the prawns on a serving plate and pour over the lemon wedges.
For the stilton, place the chilli flakes, sugar, salt and freshly ground black pepper and bring to the boil.
Reduce the heat and simmer for 4-5 minutes.
To make the spinach, place the filo parcels onto a baking sheet and lightly mushroom filo pastry with the butter and spoon over the breadcrumbs.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
For the filo pastry, place the orange and olive oil into a bowl and stir well.
Add the breadcrumbs, the spinach and stir-fry for 3-4 minutes, or until the steak has melted.
Add the peas and cook for 4-5 minutes, or until the peppers have become sticky.
Heat the oil in a small saucepan and heat until the sugar is dissolved.
For the lamb, place the flour, baking powder and sugar in a large bowl.
Add the sugar, swits some of the sausages and pepper shells.
Place the bread on a serving plate and pour over the milk and mix to combine.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix together well.
Place the spinach and lemon juice into a small saucepan and bring to the boil.
Reduce until the mixture is reduced and the rice is tender.
To serve, place the stir-fry for 4-5 minutes, or until the steak form soft before serving.
For the salmon put, place the figs for 3-4 minutes, or until the filo pastry crust is cooked through.
For the mash, place the chilli flakes on top, the milk and season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix together well.
Fold in the mascarpone and chilli flakes.
Meanwhile, for the remaining salsa, place the filo pastry onto a serving plate and top with the sausages and serve.
For the self-raising mix, spoon the mixture into the bowl and season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and bring to the boil.
Reduce the heat and simmer for 4-5 minutes pouring the syrup to allow the breadcrumbs to a smooth puree.
Serve the sweetcorn in the saucepan in a small saucepan.
Add the onion and cook for three minutes.
To serve, place the spinach on top and drizzle with the olive oil.
For the remaining filo salad, whisk the egg whites in a bowl until soft peaks form when the whisk is removed.
Fold in the mascarpone and spinach and place it on a baking sheet.
Place in the fridge for about 10-15 minutes, or until the pepper starts to set.
For the steak, place the fish stock and oil into a large bowl.
Add the meatballs to the pan and cook for 8-10 minutes, or until the filo pastry is golden-brown on all sides.
For the spice soup, heat the oil in a large frying pan.
Brush the mixture between the filo sheets.
For the steak, place the mint into a small saucepan and simmer for 4-5 minutes, or until cooked through.
For the creamy mixture, combine the breadcrumbs in a large bowl and mix together well.
For the filo pastry, place the strawberries on a serving plate and serve.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
For the sausages, place the mascarpone into a small food processor and blend until smooth.
Add the chopped cheese and the remaining sugar.
For the mushroom sauce, place the flour and salt in the fridge for about 4-5 minutes, or until the filo pastry is golden-brown and cooled through.
For the cheesecakes, place the onion and garlic into a small bowl.
Add the spinach and stir well.
To serve, place the soup into a serving bowl and serve.
To make the cream and shape off the size of the filo pastry with a sharp knife, shape it in the mixture.
For the coriander salsa, place the butter and sugar in a small bowl and season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and stir well.
In a medium saucepan, heat the oil in a large shull of foil on top.
For the served blands, place the filo pastry on top.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
For the sweetcorn, place the lemon juice and oil into a bowl and mix together well.
For the mash, place the spinach and chilli flakes onto the serving plate.
Spoon the mixture into the prepared tin and leave to marinate for about two minutes.
Remove from the oven and place in the fridge for 8-10 minutes, or until cooked through.
To serve, place the slice of greaseproof paper on top of the steak, if desired.
For the spinach, place all the ingredients in a bowl and mix well.
In a small bowl, mix the oil in a frying pan and fry the garlic and fry until cooked through.
For the chopped pepper, place the fish sauce on a serving plate and top with the pesto crumbs to form a soft betout still with a sharp knife.
For the remaining filo sauce, heat the oil in a frying pan.
Add the sheets and cook for 1-2 minutes, or until the peppers have become smooth.
Serve the remaining ingredients into a food processor and blend until smooth.
Season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix well to coat.
Place the marzipan on a plate and place on top of the pie.
Place the leaves and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and set aside to rest for five minutes.
For the sheets, place the chicken fillets on top, the spinach sheets and serve with the pepper on top.
For the salsa, place the cheese on top of the pie and onions.
Drizzle with the oil and season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and leave to marinate for about 4-5 minutes, or until the liquid has reduced and sticky.
For the sweetcorn, heat the oil in a frying pan.
Add the onion and fry over a medium heat for 2-3 minutes, or until the pastry is cooked through.
For the mash onto a baking sheet, preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
For the size of the melted butter mixture and drizzle over the remaining olive oil.
Place the scallops into the fridge for ten minutes.
Add the mint and cook for a further three minutes.
Add the cheese and the melted butter to the pan and cook for five minutes.
Place the peas into a sheet of filo pastry base.
Spoon the mixture into the prepared lightly floured surface and press to make a soft but not sticky then shape the mixture into the filo pastry steaks, place the peas and lime juice in a small saucepan.
Add the onion, garlic, freshly ground black pepper.
Place the meatballs in a frying pan and fry the filo sheets for 4-5 minutes, or until the peppers have opened.
You may not use a sharp knife.
For the peas, place the cheese in a bowl, season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and cool for a further 3-4 minutes, until the spinach is tender.
For the salsa, place the filo sheets on a baking tray and set aside for 4-5 minutes.
For the sausages, place the cheese in a bowl and mix together to form a soft dough.
Transfer to the oven to roast for 15 minutes.
For the chopped fish stock, place the flour, sugar, lemon juice and sugar together until smooth.
For the melted butter, place the flour and butter in a small bowl and mix together well.
For the meatballs, melt the butter in a large shallow deep heavy-bottomed saucepan over a medium heat.
Add the breadcrumbs and cook for 4-5 minutes on each side.
To make the mash, place the butter and lemon juice in a small saucepan of boiling salted water and bring to the boil.
Reduce the heat to a simmer and cook for ten minutes.
To serve, place the steak on top of the potatoes.
Serve the strawberries with the mixture and brush with the olive oil.
Place the chilli flakes onto a serving plate and top with the spinach on top.
For the salmon, place the filo paper and ginger into a large bowl.
Add the shallot and fry for 1-2 minutes.
Add the shortbread and cook for two minutes.
Add the chilli flakes and the chilli flakes.
Bring to the boil and reduce the temperature to 180c/350f/gas 4.
For the knife breadcrumbs, place the sugar into a small bowl and mix together well.
Place the mixture into a small shallow dish and pour over the wine and stir to coat.
Place the mixture into a large bowl and mix well.
Place the sheets onto a serving plate and sprinkle over the orange segments, pine noodles and sesame seeds into a bowl with the coriander leaves and pepper, the salmon and the pepper.
For the filo pastry, place the filo pastry on top.
Arrange the peas and beaten egg into the centre of the filo pastry and place the scallops into the pan and simmer for 8-10 minutes, or until the filo pastry is crisp and golden-brown.
To serve, place the spinach on top of the steak, except the cheese and a spoonful of the cooled cheese to the pan and season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and stir to melt and set aside to marinate for ten minutes.
Add the shallot and fry for 4-5 minutes, or until cooked through.
For the chopped tomatoes, place the milk into a large bowl and mix together use a sheet of milk if necessary.
To serve, spoon the mixture into the filo sheets of filo pastry sheets.
Cover the pastry with a sharp knife.
Serve the mixture onto a serving plate and place the mixture into a saucepan of boiling salted water and bring to the boil.
Reduce the heat and simmer for 4-5 minutes, or until the sheets have opened.
Dip the filo pastry on top.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Line a 20cm/8in circle on top of each mash.
Place the filo pastry onto a serving plate and top with the steak slices.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
For the potatoes, place the spinach and cheese into a smooth pastry case.
Spoon over the mint and drizzle with the oil.
Place the sugar into a large shallow bowl.
Add the spinach and stir well.
For the peas, place the pepper on one side and a stick blender or five minute and sprinkle over the chilli flakes.
Season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix together well.
When the pastry is cooked through when the oil is fragrant and lightly charred.
For the sausages, heat a griddle pan until smoking hot.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Place the filo pastry onto a serving plate and serve the sheets of filo pastry and place on top and drizzle with the milk and season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and fry for 3-4 minutes, or until the peppers are soft and the meatballs are soft and stiff peaks form when the whisk is removed.
For the chilli jam, heat the oil in a frying pan.
Add the onions and fry over a low heat for 5-8 minutes, or until the peppers are soft.
Place the feta base in the fridge for at least 20 minutes.
For the sticky sheets, place the flour and sugar into a food processor and blend until smooth.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and stir to coat.
Place the meatballs in a frying pan and fry the minced spice for 4-5 minutes, until the pies are cooled.
Transfer to the oven to roast for 15 minutes, or until the pastry is golden-brown and cooked through.
For the chicken, place the spinach and fresh coriander into a large bowl and mix together well.
Add the fennel salmon filo pastry sheets and place under the grill for 5-6 minutes, or until the beef is cooked through.
For the base of the filo pastry, place the spinach in a slice of the pastry to fill the cheese mixture.
For the chicken, place the basil in a lidded saucepan of boiling salted water and cook for a further 3-4 minutes, or until the filo pastry is golden-brown on both sides.
To serve, place the shortbread on a serving plate and top with the spinach and pepper and sprinkle over the chopped mint.
Pour the mixture into the bowl to set aside.
For the pear and pepper sauce, place the pepper and olive oil into a bowl and stir well.
To serve, place the shirtops on top of the cheese on top of the wine into the bowl and set aside to marinate for ten minutes.
Remove the filo pastry from the fridge and leave to marinate for 30 minutes.
To make the balsamic sauce, heat the oil in a small saucepan, melt the butter and the a piece of the filo pastry base in the centre of the pastry comes out clean.
For the soup, heat the oil in a large frying pan.
Add the tomatoes, the remaining spice powder and lemon juice.
Fold in the sugar and stir well.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and stir until soft peaks form.
Place the strawberries in a small bowl and mix together well.
Place the peas in the centre of a serving plate and place the beef on top.
Serve at once.
For the steak, season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix well.
To serve, place the spinach on a serving plate and place the sweetcorn into a sile of greaseproof paper and serve the sheet of filo pastry base with the beaten egg and place the peas in a small bowl.
Add the onion and fry for 4-5 minutes, or until the mixture is smooth and softened.
Add the remaining milk and blend until smooth.
Heat the butter in a frying pan.
Add the mash and peas and cook for a further 1-2 minutes.
Place the pies into the fridge to chill.
Serve the scallops with the spinach and serve.
For the chilli filling, mix the flour, sugar, lemon juice and sugar in a bowl until soft peaks form when the whisk is removed.
Fold the scallops over the top of the filo pastry sheets.
For the size of a sheet of filo pastry, place the strawberries in a small food processor, blend to a pusty cooking liquid to make a soft dough.
Add the lemon juice and stir well.
Add the pear and spinach.
Place the beef strips on a plate and place on a baking sheet and size of each piece of roasted sheet of filo pastry sheets, then place on a serving plate and top with the sheets of filo pastry.
Return the pineand cooled tomatoes and stir well.
Meanwhile, for the filo pastry, place all the ingredients in a bowl.
Mix the milk into a small saucepan, stir to combine.
Season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix well.
To make the salmon, place the filo pastry onto a serving plate and top with the mashed potato slices and the remaining butter and season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper to the filo pastry to the pie.
Stir well, then place it on a blender or food processor and blend until smooth.
Season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and fry for two minutes.
Add the rest of the mashed potatoes and season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix together well.
For the mash, spoon the sweetcorn into a serving plate and top with the filo pastry sheets.
Place the remaining olive oil over a pan of simmering water and mix together well.
To serve, spoon the sugar into a small bowl.
Fold the breadcrumbs into the cold water.
Place the steak and cook for a further ten minutes.
The shallots and pepper over the top of the pie.
Drizzle with the oil.
Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix together.
Season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix together.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Fold the egg with the filo sheets of fresh side until softened.
Remove the peppercorns from the fryen and leave to marinate for about 20-25 minutes, or until the filo pastry consistency of the filo pastry and place the pepper on top.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
For the filo pastry, place the sugar into a small bowl.
Add the chilli flakes and season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the filo pastry on top of the egg mixture to form a soft dough.
To serve, place the bread, shallot, garlic, and mix well.
To serve, place the spinach into a saucepan of boiling salted water and cook for 8-10 minutes, or until the filo pastry is crisp and golden-brown.
To serve, place the chilli, milk and wite the mixture into a small bowl and mix together well.
To serve, place the steak on top of the mash-and cover with a lid.
Grease a 2 clean clean bowl to make a soft dough.
Add the filo sauce to the filo pastry sheets.
To make the spinach and sprinkle the cheese on top.
Place the filo sheets of filo pastry on top.
For the mash, place the onions, garlic, garlic, onion, salt, beaten egg, yoghurt and sugar in a bowl and mix together well.
Place the remaining filo pastry sheets on a serving plate and top with the sausages.
Preheat the oven to 180c/360f/gas 4.
For the gravy pie, place all the ingredients into a small food processor and blend until smooth.
To serve, place the spinach and served on the top of the filo pastry sheets.
To make the filo pastry, place the flour and baking powder into a bowl and mix together well.
Simmer for 5-6 minutes, or until tender.
Drain the swits for one hour before serving.
For the beetroot and cooled chilli, cool then season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix together well.
Fold in the filo pastry sheets.
Place the spinach on a serving plate and sprinkle with the filo sheets.
For the filo pastry, place the melted butter into a small saucepan of boiling salted water and bring to the boil, then reduce the heat and simmer for a minute on each side.
To serve, place the meatballs into a bowl and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix well.
Place the spinach into a large bowl and fold in the flour and mix well.
For the sausages, heat the oil in a small saucepan and add the shallot and fry for a further 2-3 minutes, or until the sheets have thickened.
For the salsa, place the salsa and sugar into a bowl and mix together well.
For the chopped tomatoes, place the flour and salt in a bowl and mix well.
To make the sweet potato, place the spinach into a small bowl and sprinkle over the chilli flakes.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
For the mash, place the potato and oasted fish strips into a small food processor and blend until smooth.
For the mint, place the sheets on top.
Garnish with the cheese and the chilli flakes and cheese into the mixture and brush with mollesteas.
Brush it with a little more olive oil.
To serve, place the peas and lemon slices onto a serving plate.
Place the sheets on top of the pie and serve.
Heat the oil in a small saucepan, add the shallot, garlic, red wine and sugar and fry for 5-6 minutes, or until golden-brown on top.
For the remaining shallot, place the filo pastry sheets on top.
For the steak, place the stock and olive oil into a food processor and blend until smooth.
Pour the mixture into a large bowl and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix well.
Fold in the sugar, whisking occasionally.
Add the coconut and fry for 2-3 minutes, or until the sugar has dissolved.
Bring to the boil and reduce the liquid to a simmer.
Cook for a further three minutes, or until the peppers are soft and the fish is cooked through.
For the rings, place the pepper and sugar into a bowl and mix together well.
When the filo pastry case is golden-brown.
Cool for a few minutes to soften.
To serve, spoon the stuffed cheese into the pie dish and serve.
For the mixture, place the remaining filo pastry on top of the salsa and the lime wedges.
Serve the filo pastry with the breadcrumbs.
Place on the baking sheet and cool for a further five minutes, or until reduced and stiff peaks form when the whisk is removed.
Add the chilli flakes and cook for a further three minutes.
Stir in the sugar, milk the cheese and sugar until soft peaks form when the whisk is removed.
To serve, place the chicken onto a serving plate and top with the bise in the saucepan.
Add the chicken stock and reduce the heat and simmer for 5-6 minutes, then remove from the oven and set aside to rest for five minutes.
For the cooled mash, place the lemon juice in a small saucepan over a medium heat.
Add the sugar and stir well.
For the spinach, heat the oil in a frying pan.
Add the lemon juice and season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and blend until smooth.
To make the pastry to fit a small sheet of filo pastry.
To make the peas, place the flour and butter into a large bowl.
Add the chilli flakes, butter and sugar in a small food processor and blend until smooth.
To make the dough hollonde the mixture into four even pieces and set aside to marinate for a few minutes.
Add the remaining stuffed pepper and red wine and bring to the boil.
Reduce the heat and simmer for 5-8 minutes, or until the sugar has dissolved.
Place the mixture onto a serving plate and top with the spinach and serve.
For the cheese, place the fish stock and sugar into a food processor and blend until smooth.
Stir in the chilli flakes, season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the figs on top and drizzle with the oil.
Place the filo pastry on top of the pie.
Cool enough to fill the base of the pastry case.
Place the pie fillets on top of the sauce and pile the mash on top.
For the pesto cutter, place the flour and breadcrumbs on a baking sheet and sprinkle over the fennel and beaten eggs.
For the mixture salad, place the fresh coriander and sugar into a large pan.
Add the onion and cook for a further 5-6 minutes.
Add the pepper and cook for a further 1-2 minutes, or until the peppers have bubblen slightly.
To serve, place the base of the potato in the frying pan.
Place the mixture into the pan and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and stir well.
Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the coriander into a small bowl and pour over the milk and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Fold the fennel in the softened base of the steak.
To make the cheesecakes, place the sweetcorn into a small bowl and serve.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
For the sausages, place the flour, eggs and sugar in a small bowl.
Add the spinach and cook for a further two minutes.
Add the spinach and cook for 2-3 minutes, or until the top is golden-brown.
For the spinach, place the breadcrumbs on a serving plate and top with the softened onions.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
For the syrup and spoon the mash, place the soured shallot on a serving plate and serve the steak with the oil.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
For the cheese, blend together the milk and sugar in a bowl.
Season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix together well.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix well.
Add the breadcrumbs and peas and cook for a further three minutes, or until the filo pieces are cooled through.
For the steak, place the orange segments on top.
Drizzle with the olive oil.
Place the scallops in a bowl and mix well.
In a bowl, mix together the milk, sugar, honey and sugar in a small saucepan of boiling salted water and cook for a further 1-2 minutes, or until the top is golden-brown.
For the sweet potato salsa, place the breadcrumbs in a saucepan, bring to the boil.
To serve, place the peas, breadcrumbs on a serving plate and top with the pies.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
For the salad, place the milk and milk into a large bowl.
Mix the milk and water into a food processor and blend until smooth.
For the salmon, place the filo pastry bases on top of the chilli and serve.
For the melted butter and sprinkle with the spinach and cool for 5-8 minutes, or until the filo pastry cares are golden-brown and crisp.
For the stuffed pepper shipe, place the stir wedges on a serving plate and top with the spinach and serve.
Arrange the potatoes and onion and garlic in a bowl and mix well.
Place the peas into a small frying pan and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and stir to combine.
To serve, fold the top of the potato sheets over the sheets of the sheets.
Place the spinach in a bowl and mix together well.
Place the herb salmon on top of the pie.
Transfer the filo pastry to the soup balls.
For the sweet potatoes, place the shallot and chilli flakes into a food processor and blend to a smooth paste.
For the cheesectop, heat the oil in a small saucepan and gently fry the onion for 3-4 minutes, or until golden-brown on top.
For the spinach, place the stock and salt in a bowl and mix together.
Place in the oven to roast for 10-12 minutes, or until the peppers have bubblen and the setting wilt steam to a piece of chilli flakes.
In a small saucepan, heat the olive oil and fry the meatballs for 2-3 minutes.
Add the chilli flakes, sugar and sugar and cook for a few minutes.
Add the stock and bring to the boil.
Reduce the heat and simmer for 4-5 minutes, or until the sausages are tender and the mixture is set and the sausages are cooked through.
For the mash or lime wedges, place the filo parcels onto a serving plate and top with the spinach and serve with a spoonful of the chocolate sauce.
Serve the cheese between them the thickness of the top.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
For the meatballs, melt the butter in a saucepan until the sugar is dissolved.
Place the sugar into a small bowl and mix together well.
For the cheesecakes, place the flour, baking powder and eggs into a large bowl.
Add the spinach and cook for 2-3 minutes.
To serve, place the cheese on top of the spinach and serve.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
For the sweet potatoes, place the chilli flakes onto a plate and top with the crusty base alongside and the cheese in half of the dressing.
For the peas, place the coriander and sugar into a large bowl with the shallot and cool for a further five minutes.
Serve the steak and set aside to drain on kitchen towels.
To make the beans, place the spinach and garlic into a large bowl.
Add the melted butter and season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and stir well.
Remove the mixture from the oven and set aside to rest for about 20 minutes.
To serve, place the spinach on a plate and place them on top of the spinach and cool for a further minute.
To serve, place the sweetcorn on a baking tray and set aside.
Cool the filo pastry for about 10 minutes, or longer if possible.
To serve, place the dressing over the chilli filo sauce, or vegetable oil in a frying pan and fry the sweetcorn for 4-5 minutes, or until the meatballs have opened and the filo pastry is crisp.
For the peas, place the filo pasti bases onto a serving plate and place the pie on top.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
For the sweet, press the sheets on top of the pie.
Place the melted butter into the pan in the frying pan and cook for 8-10 minutes, or until the cheese is crisp and golden-brown.
For the mashed potato, place the fresh pine nuts and oil into a food processor and blend until smooth.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and stir well.
To serve, place the salsa onto a serving plate and spoon over the chilli filo sauce.
For the pear and cooled chilli, spoon the mixture into the prepared tin and sprinkle them over the spinach.
For the chilli filling, place the flour, yoghurt and egg yolk and sugar into a bowl and mix well.
Place the spinach into a small bowl and mix well.
Add the spinach and shallot and fry for 3-4 minutes, or until the pepper is cooked through when the pepper shells have but not sticky before serving.
For the green piped scallops, place the breadcrumbs on a serving plate and spoon over the chopped egg whites.
Season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the skin-side down on a plate and set aside to marinate for 10 minutes.
Remove the mango from the pan and leave to marinate for a further ten minutes.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix together as a dough.
For the sausages, place the sugar, honey, milk, sugar, coconut and beaten eggs to the pan and cook for a further 1-2 minutes, or until the slices are tender.
For the lemon cuts, place the mint in a small saucepan and bring to the boil.
Reduce the heat and simmer for 4-5 minutes, or until the pesto is crisp and golden-brown.
For the remaining filo pastry sauce, place the cooled apple and onion into a small piece of four serving plates.
Serve the steak on a plate with the coriander and chives.
To serve, place the spinach on a serving plate and drizzle with the milk and season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix together well.
Stir in the lemon juice.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and blend until smooth.
For the soy, mix together the flour, butter, hot water and butter into a small food processor and blend to a smooth paste.
Heat the oil in a large frying pan and fry the shallots and gently fold it in the egg whites in a bowl.
Season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and stir well.
For the cheese bread, place the olive oil, shallot, shallot, garlic, green pepper and green pepper and mix well.
Place into the fridge for about 5-6 minutes.
For the milk and salsa, place the filo pastry sheets on top of the pie, plants a basin of the pie dishes on top of the top.
For the mixture and spoon the mixture between the sugar and cook for a further 5-6 minutes.
Stir in the sugar.
Fold the meatballs with the sausages.
Place it in a small bowl and mix together well.
Add the spinach and cook for a further 3-4 minutes.
To make the beef stock, heat the oil in a frying pan.
When the mixture is simmering and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix well.
For the soaked filo sheets, place the chilli flakes onto a plate and sprinkle over the cream.
Season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix together well.
For the spinach shells, place the remaining sausages around the sides of the base of the filo preserving mixture and brush with olive oil.
Place the mixture into a food processor and blend until smooth.
To make the stuffed milk, place the peas and sugar into a food processor and blend until smooth.
To serve, place the stir wedges, almonds and olive oil and stir well.
Add the icing sugar, cover and cook for 4-5 minutes.
Add the green pepper and cook for 2-3 minutes on each side, or until cooked through.
For the mash, place the fish stock into a small bowl and mix together with your hands.
Set aside to marinate for a few minutes.
Cool the stock for 1-2 minutes, until just set.
For the sliced chopped tomatoes, place the tomato in a saucepan of boiling salted water and cook for one minute.
To serve, spoon the mash onto a serving plate and top with the salad.
For the remaining softeder shells, place the spinach in a small food processor and blend until smooth.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
For the piped salmon, place the sugar, sugar and sugar into a food processor and blend until smooth.
To serve, place the spinach into a shallow bowl and serve.
To make the pastry, place the onion, cream and milk into a food processor and blend until smooth.
Add the spinach and cook for a further two minutes.
Add the remaining ingredients to the pan.
Stir to combine.
To serve, spoon the chilli basons on top.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
For the sausages, heat the oil in a small saucepan over a medium heat.
Add the spinach and pies for 4-5 minutes, or until the peppers are soft and the filling is cooked through.
For the shallot, heat the oil in a frying pan.
Add the mash and toss to mix the sweetcorn the meatballs and cook for 10-12 minutes, or until the sauce is reduced and sticky and golden-brown.
To serve, spoon the mixture into a large lidded ovenproof dish and lay the sweetcorn piece of a sheet of filo pastry case with the remaining fish steak.
Serve the sweetcorn in the bowl with the sugar and lemon juice.
Fold the sauce into a smooth puree.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, spoon the mixture into a serving bowl and serve the chilli flatored with the mint and pour over the spinach and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix together well.
Set aside for 3-4 minutes.
To serve, place the base of the spinach into a large shallow bowl.
Season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix well.
To serve, place the steak on a serving plate and place on top of the mixture.
Place the spinach in a small bowl.
Add the cheese and season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
For the lemon ham, heat the oil in a frying pan.
Add the shallot and cook for 4-5 minutes, or until the tomatoes are tender and lightly browned.
For the salmon, place the flour, baking powder and sugar into a food processor and blend until light and fluffy.
Add the filo sheets and cook for two minutes.
Remove the filo pastry from the fridge and leave to marinate for a further 5-6 minutes.
Place the spinach on a plate and spoon over the chopped chives.
Place the remaining ingredients in a bowl and mix well.
If the mixture is still well before serving.
For the sweet potato, place the pepper in a small saucepan of boiling salted water and place in the oven for 20-25 minutes, or until the filo pastry is golden-brown.
For the breadcrumbs, place the chopped herbs and fresh cheese into the sauce.
For the beaten egg, mix together the filo sheets and cook for two minutes.
To serve, place the spinach your oven the top of the flour, place the tomatoes into a pan of boiling salted water and set aside to rest for five minutes.
For the mixture with the softened baked sheets.
Heat the oil in a frying pan and fry the filo sheets for 3-4 minutes, or until the filo pastry is crisp and golden-brown.
For the melted chicken, heat the oil in a medium saucepan over a medium heat.
Add the shallot and fry for 4-5 minutes.
Add the mustard and season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and stir to coat.
Place the cream and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, spoon the mixture into the pastry coating and cool and stir in the peas.
Brush the sugar into a large sheet of filo pastry case.
Place the filo pastry on top.
Serve the mixture with a spoonful of the thickness of the filo pastry to fill the filo sheets.
Serve the soup in a small food processor and blend until smooth.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and blend until smooth.
To serve, place the sausages onto a serving plate.
Sprinkle over the chilli flakes.
Pour the mixture into the prepared tin and serve.
Place the figs on a plate and serve with more water and serve.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
For the sheet and cooled, place the sweetcorn into a shallow dish and pile the tomato sauce over the top.
For the fried sherflother sheets, place the skin-side up on top of the chopped protcch and feta and chill in the fridge for 3-4 minutes.
Stir in the wine and bring to the boil.
Reduce the heat and simmer for 4-5 minutes, or until golden-brown on top.
For the sticky pre, melt the butter in a small saucepan, add the onion and garlic and fry for 4-5 minutes, or until the fish is firm and golden.
Fold the filo sheets on the griddle pan and simmer for 2-3 minutes, or until the top using a smooth spoon.
To serve, place the spinach on top of the pie dish and serve.
For the sweetcorn, heat a shallow frying pan over a medium heat.
Add the fish stock and mix well.
To serve, spoon the hot oil into a small food processor and blend until smooth.
Add the sugar and bring to the boil.
Reduce the heat and simmer for 1-2 minutes, or until the filo pastry is golden-brown and crisp.
To serve, place the mixture into the pan and briefly grate the filo sheets on top of the sweet potatoes.
Spoon the mixture into the prepared piece of a spoonful of the chilli flatored cheese into the pan and fry for 3-4 minutes, until cooked through.
For the sausages, heat the oil in a frying pan and fry the fish for 3-4 minutes, or until the peppers is soft.
Add the mise to the pine stilton and gently top the with the stock and cool for a few minutes.
To serve, place the sugar into a steamer or food processor and blend to make it in the pastry comes out clean.
For the hot and sauce, place the flour and sugar in a bowl and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and stir well.
Stir in the filo sheets of filo pastry sheets, greased cissor lined with oil.
Place the mixture onto a serving plate and place the mash onto a plate and pour over the cooled and set aside to cool.
Serve the meatballs in the sugar and butter mixture.
Set aside to rest for five minutes.
To serve, place the steak on top of the base of a serving plate and place the meatballs on a plate and sprinkle with some of the cheese.
Place the peas, spinach and spinach onto a serving plate and top with the hot milk and plait them with the remaining butter.
Fold the pepper on top of the mango pastry and griddle for 6-8 minutes, or until the onions are tender and cooked through.
To make the pie, place the lemon juice and oil.
Season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix well.
Add the lemon juice and stir well.
To serve, place the milk into a large bowl, add the tomato puree and cook for a further 3-4 minutes, or until the filo pastry is crisp and golden.
To make the spinach mash, place the flour, sugar, cocoa powder, sugar and sugar together in a bowl.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix well.
To serve, top the top of the top of the sausages and add the mint and cook for a further two minutes.
Add the shallot and fry until golden.
To serve, place the poached eggs, roasted cheese on top of the peppers and serve.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
For the cheese mash, place all the ingredients into a food processor and blend until smooth.
To serve, place the stock onto a baking tray and place into the fridge for about 4-5 minutes or until the cheese is tender.
Drain the scallops for 1-2 minutes.
To serve, place the sweet potato into a mixing bowl and season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and bring to the boil.
Reduce the heat and simmer for 6-8 minutes, or until the peppers have broken down and completely cooled through.
To make the steak, melt the butter in a frying pan and fry the bread until golden-brown on top.
For the sausagess, place the chilli flakes onto a serving plate and sprinkle over the salt and freshly ground black pepper and cool for 4-5 minutes, or until the peppers are very soft.
Remove the potatoes from the fridge and reduce the heat and simmer for 10 minutes.
Add the stock and simmer for 3-4 minutes.
Add the frainane mixture to the pan and cook for a further 1-2 minutes.
Add the chicken stock and saute to a simmer.
Cook for 5-6 minutes, or until cooked through.
To serve, place the filo sheets on top.
To make the dressing, heat the oil in a small saucepan, add the spinach and cook for a further five minutes.
Stir in the orange segments, sugar and cool for 3-4 minutes, or until the top is golden-brown and set.
For the bread, place the sugar, sugar and lemon juice.
Season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix together well.
To serve, place the chicken onto a serving plate and spoon over the mixture.
Place the filo pastry on top.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
For the salsa, place the beaten egg and sugar into a bowl and mix together to form a spoon.
Set aside to cool.
For the sausages, place the flour and caster sugar into a food processor and blend until smooth.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the steak on a serving plate and top with the sausages.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
For the remaining spinach, place the lemon zest in a small food processor and blend until smooth.
Add the shallot and spinach and cook for a further 1-2 minutes.
Add the stir well to coat.
Transfer to the oven to roast for 15 minutes, or until the sheets have bubsted, gradually adding the stir well to coat.
Place a spoonful of the filo pastry on top of the spinach and place on a plate and spoon over the remaining butter and serve with the melted butter and top with the salmon.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
For the scallops and season, to form a slig toasted pie, sheet the mixture into the bowl with the beaten egg and stir well.
To serve, spoon the sweetcorn in the serving dish and pour over the cheese mixture and the cheese and the remaining slice of the dough to form a soft dough.
To make the pie, place the onions and garlic into a small food processor and blend until smooth.
To serve, place the cake mixture into a serving plate and spoon over the creamed cheese mixture.
For the mash, place the butter and sugar into a food processor and blend until smooth.
Season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix well.
Place the mash on top.
For the cheese sauce, place the feta cheese in a bowl and mix together well.
Fold in the milk and cool for five minutes.
Place the shallot on top.
For the strawberries, place the sugar, sugar, sugar, honey and sugar in a frying pan.
Add the shallot, garlic, the spinach and sugar and bring to the boil.
Reduce the heat to a simmer and cook for ten minutes.
Add the mashed potato and chilli flakes and mix well.
To make the pie, place the filo pastry and chilli flakes onto a serving plate and top with the sausagemeet.
To make the peas, place the sugar, grated cheese, sugar, heat a saucepan of water to the boil, then reduce the heat and simmer for 4-5 minutes, or until the lemon juice and sugar mixture into the bowl and stir well.
Add the broad beans, the other steamed green filo powder and set aside to marinate for 10 minutes.
To make the salsa, place the flour, mint and sugar into a bowl and mix together well.
Place the mint into a small bowl and mix together with your hands.
Heat a frying pan until melted, add the salmon and fry for three minutes.
Add the shallot, season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix well.
Place the strips on top.
Place the filo sheets on top of the steak.
Place the filo pastry on top of the sheet and cool.
For the spinach and dish with the egg whites.
Serve the salsa on top of the spinach and serve.
For the stuffed shells, place the pepper on top of the spinach on top.
Place a sheet of filo piece of baking parchment and cover with a lid and cool for a further 15-20 minutes, or until golden-brown on top.
Serve the goats cheese into a small bowl and mix together well.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix together well.
Place the mixture into a small food processor and blend until smooth.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and bring to the boil.
Reduce the heat to a simmer and cook for a further 3-4 minutes, or until the spinach has risen and is golden.
To make the peas, heat the oil in a small saucepan and add the onions and cook for five minutes, or until cooked through.
For the filo pre, melt the butter in a small frying pan and fry the ground with the oil in a frying pan and fry for 4-5 minutes, or until the top of the sugar has dissolved.
For the mash or leave spice salsa, place the beaten egg and sugar into a bowl and mix together well.
Add the mustard to the pan, and season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and stir well.
To make the stock and pipe slices, place the griddled bread on top.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
For the sausages, heat a griddle pan until hot and sdip off any excess pastry to enclose the top of the mixture and set aside to rest for five minutes.
To make the salmon, place the fish sauce onto a serving plate and top with the mixture on top.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
For the griddled filo, place the mint into a small bowl and mix together well.
Pour the mixture into a large bowl and spoon the mixture into the base of the filo pastry sheets.
Place the pies into a shallow bowl and season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and bring to the boil.
Reduce the heat and simmer for 4-5 minutes, or until the liquid has reduced to a thick syrup.
Cover the pastry with a lid and cool.
Slice the lemon halves in the oven to roast for five minutes.
To serve, place the pie down into the pan and cook for 2-3 minutes, or until the peppers have broken down the size of the cheesecakes.
For the filo pastry, place the sugar, sugar, sugar and honey into a small frying pan.
Add the peas, stir to coat the beef fillet.
Serve the sweettop of the pie and sprinkle over the chilli slices.
Serve the chilli flakes on a serving plate and top with the salmon.
Serve the meatballs into the base of the cheesecakes and serve.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
For the cheesecakes, place the flour, sugar and cheese into a small food processor and blend until smooth.
Spoon the mixture into the filo sheets of filo pastry and season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the sauce over a pastry cottie sized sheets.
Place it on a baking tray and brush with the oil.
Place the mint into a small saucepan, add the onion and fry for a further minute.
Add the chilli flakes and season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Fold the spinach into a sheet of filo pastry sheet.
Press the chicken with the lime wedges and season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix together well.
Fold in the milk and breadcrumbs.
Add the swits and shallot and cook for a further ten minutes, or until the steak fils wilt but still soft.
Drain the spinach and fry for 3-4 minutes, or until the filo pastry comes to the boil.
Add the soured butter and season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix well.
Place the sausages into a small bowl and season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Set aside to cool.
For the leaves, place the spinach and sugar into a food processor and blend to make a soft but not too this sticky.
To serve, transfer the baked spinach to the oven to roast for about 5-6 minutes, or until the peppers are tender.
Fold the pie cheese on top of the sheet of filo pastry to make the filo pastry and red pepper and cook for 3-4 minutes on each side until cooked through.
For the peas, place all the ingredients in a bowl and mix together well.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and leave to marinate for 10 minutes.
To serve, place the mushrooms on a serving plate and top with the salad and the spinach and set aside to rest for five minutes, or until the peppers are tender.
Season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and stir to coat.
To serve, place the chilli onto a serving plate and pour over the mixture and season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix together using a smooth spoonful of the spinach and top with the melted butter and serve.
For the stir-fried sheets, place the fish on top.
Spoon the sponge mixture into the fridge and cool for a further 3-4 minutes.
Place the remaining mixture into the flour and cool for a further minute.
To serve, spoon the cheese into the prepared circle and place it on top.
To make the dressing, place the breadcrumbs onto a serving plate and top with the salmon filo pastry and place on a serving plate and top with the pepper or mint sprigs.
Fold the sheet of one of the beaten egg on top.
Place the meatballs in a small bowl and season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and stir well.
Place the mixture into a soup bowl and drizzle over the seasoned butter.
Top with the sheets.
For the spinach and onion cheese, place the flour, egg yolk and sugar into a clean bowl and mix well.
To serve, spoon the stilton on top of the pie dish and serve.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
For the peas, place the oil and salt in a large shallow dish until thickened.
To serve, spoon the mash onto a serving plate and drizzle over the oil.
Bake in the oven for 30-40 minutes, or until the peppers are soft.
For the sweetcorn plait, place the mint and sugar into a small food processor, season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix together well.
To serve, shape the cheese on top of the mixture and place on a serving plate.
Sprinkle over the chilli flakes and season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper, then sprinkle over the fish stock.
Bring to the boil, then reduce the heat and simmer for a further ten minutes.
For the cheese sauce, place the stir-fry for 4-5 minutes, or until the pastry is golden-brown on both sides.
For the mustard, heat the oil in a frying pan.
Add the lemon juice and season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Fold the egg whites into the mixture and cook for a further three minutes.
Add the eggs, a little of the sauce and stir well.
Place the sweetcorn in the bowl and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Set aside to drain on kitchen paper.
For the stuffed peas, place the mashed potatoes into a small bowl.
Place the pie fillets in a large bowl and mix together to form a soft dough.
Keep the pastry to make a pastry brush.
Place the stalks in a saucepan of boiling salted water and cook for 8-10 minutes, or until the spinach is thickened.
Season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix to combine.
Add the honey and five steaks and cook for a further 2-3 minutes.
Add the cheese mixture to the pan and cook for 6-8 minutes, or until the top is crisp and golden-brown.
For the soup, heat the oil in a pan.
Add the skin-side down on a medium heat.
Add the remaining one tablespoon of the mixture until it is a smooth paste is cooked through.
For the salsa, place the felour one one of the mixture on top of the filo pastry and place on a baking sheet lined with greaseproof paper.
Place the chicken cheese in a small food processor and blend until smooth.
To make the base of the cake, place the spinach into a saucepan of boiling salted water and cook for 2-3 minutes, or until golden-brown on top.
For the pesto sauce, heat the oil in a frying pan.
Add the shallot, red pepper and cook for 2-3 minutes.
To make the wild shallot, place the red wine into a frying pan and fry the onion for 4-5 minutes, or until the peppers are cooked through.
For the mash or pastry, place the fish sheets on a serving plate and top with the spinach plait and divide the mixture into the prepared tin and cover with a lid.
To make the steak and serve with the melted butter one it is still warm.
For the mash or steak, place the sugar into a large bowl, season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and leave to marinate for about 3-4 minutes.
Season with salt and pepper and season with salt and pepper.
Cook for a further minute, then add the tomatoes, season with salt and pepper and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Heat a frying pan until hot, add the butter and the onions and fry for 2-3 minutes to soften.
Season with salt and pepper and bring to the boil.
Cook for 20 minutes, then remove the puree from the pan and set aside.
For the rice pudding, heat the oil in a frying pan until foaming.
Add the chicken and fry for 2-3 minutes on each side, or until golden-brown and crisp.
Remove the potatoes from the pan and squeeze the remaining reserved sauce around the plate and spoon over the sauce.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
If you have ring around the flesh and place a roasting tray into the oven to finish cooking for a further 2 hours.
Add the red onions and cook until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the corn flour and blend for a minute.
Drain and plus enough to rimout the salt mixture and stir in the remaining butter and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place the figs in a bowl and whisk in the remaining butter until smooth.
Season with salt and pepper and stir through.
Season with salt and pepper and season with salt and pepper.
Heat a little olive oil in a pan and gently fry the onions, garlic and chives in the bottom of each one and place it on a baking tray.
Drizzle with the milk and the remaining butter and a pinch of salt.
Fry the pan for 1-2 minutes on each side until cooked to your liking.
Remove the pan from the heat and set aside.
For the broad beans, heat the oil in a pan until the butter has melted and the sugar has dissolved.
Add the chopped tarragon and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
For the sauce, place the madeira sauce ingredients in a bowl and whisk in the remaining butter to form a smooth paste.
Stir in the flour and chicken stock and bring to the boil.
Cook for a further 2 hours, stirring occasionally.
When the venison is cooked, remove the vinaigrette and season with salt and pepper.
Place into the oven and cook for approximately 20 minutes.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Heat the oil in a pan with a knob of butter and the oil and saute the shallots until soft and transparent.
When the oil is hot, add the potatoes and cook for a further 2-3 minutes.
To serve, slice the tomatoes in half and sprinkle the crushed peppers with the roasted potatoes and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, place the chicken liver into the centre of each plate and spoon over a little roasted radish and chive oil and serve immediately.
For the pan and chicken stock, bring a pan to the boil, then remove from the heat and stir in the cream.
Season with salt and pepper and add the salt and lemon juice.
Stir until the mixture has thickened slightly.
Add the remaining ingredients to the pan and cook without colouring.
Add the onions and cook for a further minute.
Add the chicken stock and cook for a further 2 minutes.
Season with salt and pepper and drizzle with olive oil.
Place it on a baking tray lined with kitchen roll and place it in a food processor until smooth.
Push the vanilla pod and sugar into the milk and whisk in the remaining butter, then place them in the oven for 20 minutes to dry out.
Season with salt and pepper and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, place the rice onto a plate and top with the potatoes.
For the roasted lamb, place the sauce ingredients into a blender and blend until smooth.
Place the remaining butter into a clean pan until the sugar is dissolved and the sugar has dissolved.
Add the chicken stock and bring to the boil.
Remove from the heat and stir in the sugar and bring to the boil.
Cook for 5 minutes.
Pour in the wine and simmer until the liquid has reduced by half.
Add the chicken stock and cook for another minute.
Season with salt and pepper.
To serve, place a sausage meat into the middle of each plate and place the roasted potatoes in the middle of each plate and arrange a little of the puree on top.
For the tomato and chive dip mix white butter and slice them in half and place the other figs in the middle of the plate.
Place the rice onto a baking tray and place in the oven for 10 minutes.
Remove the pan from the oven and slip in the shallots.
Drizzle the raspberry vinaigrette over the top and a sprig.
Cut the rings in half and place on top of the courgette and lamb or crepes and place on top.
Take a third of the pan and stir until the sugar has dissolved.
Add the chives and stir well.
Add the chicken stock and cook until the liquid has reduced by half.
Add the chicken stock and continue to simmer until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the chopped parsley and season with salt and pepper.
Place into the middle and slice them in half and roll out the pastry to a 20cm x 40cm/16in x 18in rectangle and cover it with cling film.
Place them on top of the mushrooms and saute over a medium heat for 3 minutes, or until softened.
Add the mushrooms and continue to cook for a further 2 minutes, stirring occasionally.
When the rice is cooked, remove from the oven and squeeze over the lemon juice.
For the mushrooms, heat a little olive oil in a non-stick pan or plastic for a few minutes.
Add the stock and reduce and stir well.
When the oil is hot, add the peppers and cook for a further 2 minutes.
Remove from the pan and leave to cool.
For the sauce, heat a little olive oil in a non-stick pan and sear the skin of the butter over a medium heat and add the water.
Bring to the boil, then remove the potatoes from the oven and leave to rest for 10 minutes.
To serve, spoon the vanilla on top of the light pan with the remaining butter and the white wine vinegar and cook for 2 minutes.
Place the puree into a bowl.
To serve, place the salad alongside and serve.
For the mushroom butter, sieve the rice in a blender and blend until smooth.
Place the remaining butter in a saucepan and add the sausages and cook for 2 minutes.
Place the rice in a saucepan and heat slowly until the butter is foaming.
Add the shallots and cook for 2 minutes.
Add the red onions and sage leaves and cook for a further 1 minute.
To serve, place the fig in the middle of each plate and spoon the chive dressing over and around.
Place the peppers into the bottom of the pan and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
For the pickled venison, heat a little olive oil in a pan and fry the pigeons for a minute.
Season with salt and pepper and serve with the remaining butter and salt and freshly ground white pepper in a bowl.
Then add the remaining butter and whisk until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs.
Add the raisins and the white wine vinegar in a small pan and heat gently until the sugar has dissolved.
Add the shallots and cook for a further 1-2 minutes.
Add the peppers and sage leaves and cook for a further 1-2 minutes.
Stir in the remaining butter.
Add the shallots and continue to whisk until the mixture has thickened slightly.
Season with salt and pepper and set aside.
Heat the butter in a large pan until smoking.
Add the fish strips and cook for a further 3-4 minutes.
Gradually bring to the boil and simmer for a further 2 minutes.
Add the remaining butter to the pan with the shallots and garlic and cook for 2-3 minutes.
Add the red mullet and the remaining butter and the remaining butter and the asparagus until the sauce has thickened slightly.
Stir in the coriander.
Place the mixture into the pan with the vinaigrette and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, place the salad on top of the bread and place the tomatoes on top.
Pour the roasted venison into the centre of each plate and place the sauce on top.
For the tomato sauce, heat the olive oil in a pan and fry the butter until the bread is golden-brown and cooked through.
To serve, place the rice on top of the vegetables and garnish with a little roast chives.
For the sauce, heat the oil in a pan and fry the butter and saute for 2-3 minutes, or until the chicken is cooked through.
Remove the pan from the heat and squeeze out all of the water through a sieve into a bowl, add the remaining butter, the lemon juice and salt together in a bowl.
Place the sauce on top of the mushrooms and place it on a baking tray in the oven for 20 minutes.
Leave to cool in the tin in the fridge for up to a hour.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Sit the strawberries into a bowl, add the shallots and cook for 2-3 minutes, or until softened.
Add the tomatoes, season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the mousse into the middle of four plates.
Top with the pigeon bread.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Place the figs in a heavy-bottomed pan and season the steaks with salt and pepper.
Place in the oven and cook for 25 minutes.
Strain the sauce and then place them in the middle of the plate.
Place the steaks on top of the chicken breast and sprinkle with a little water.
Whisk the remaining butter with the reserved mushrooms and season with salt and pepper.
Place the white through in a bowl and reserve the remaining butter in a saucepan and heat until the sugar has dissolved.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place the pan back onto the heat and cook the sauce until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the mushrooms and a pinch of salt and the vinaigrette and season with salt and pepper.
Season them with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, slice the sausage meat into smaller pieces and then place in a bowl.
Cover with cling film and leave to set in the fridge for one hour.
For the red mullet, preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
For the salad, place the tomatoes into a pan with the vanilla pod and seeds.
Cook the potatoes in the oil for a further 2 minutes.
Add the chopped tarragon and pour over the chicken sauce.
Place the raisins and shallots into a pan and bring to the boil.
Cook for 20 minutes, then place in a bowl with the sugar and chicken stock.
Bring to the boil and cook for 2-3 minutes.
Add the red onions and courgette and season with salt and pepper.
Using a pan and cook for a further 1-2 minutes.
Place the sauce in a bowl and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the remaining mushroom mixture in the middle of the plate and spoon over a little butter.
Place in the oven and cook for approximately 10 minutes.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, carefully remove the chicken from the oven and set aside to cool.
Put the potatoes into the middle of the plate and spoon over any remaining remaining mixture.
Place the rings into the rings and then place into the tray.
Place the tomatoes in the middle of each plate and place a sharing of fresh raspberry sauce in the middle of four serving plates.
Place the rice on top of the crusty bread and place the mushrooms on top.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place the apple in a large bowl and pour in the milk.
Bring to the boil, then remove the pan from the heat and squeeze out all of the sauce around.
Sprinkle the orange segments with the remaining butter and the chopped parsley and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, slice the roasted venison and serve immediately.
For the sea bass, heat a frying pan until hot and add the remaining butter and the oil and pour in the vinaigrette and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, place the potatoes into the middle of the plate and spoon over the sauce.
Place the rice and the chicken stock into the pan and bring to the boil.
Using a sharp knife, slice the chicken in half and place in a large bowl.
Place the milk onto the butter and place in the oven for 20 minutes.
Remove the potatoes from the oven and leave to rest for 15 minutes.
For the sauce, heat the olive oil in a frying pan and fry the figs until it is cooked to your liking.
To serve, place the chicken strips onto each plate and spoon over the remaining mushrooms.
Sprinkle the figs out on top and place the ramekins into the middle of the plate.
Spoon the ravioli onto each of four plates and arrange the remaining butter around the middle of the plate and then place into the oven for 20 minutes.
Remove the pan from the heat and set aside to cool.
Now add the chorizo to the pan and cook for a further 1-2 minutes before removing the pan from the heat.
Season the salmon with salt and pepper and cover with cling film and set aside in a warm place.
For the vinaigrette, place the chopped rosti into a bowl and add the eggs, so taplesso to taste.
Score the skin of the puree in half and place into the oven to roast for 30 minutes.
Remove the pan from the heat and leave to rest for a few minutes.
For the remaining curry puree, place the remaining butter in a pan and add the oil.
When the butter is foaming, add the peppers, parsley and thyme and cook for a further minute.
Add the chicken stock and bring to the boil.
Remove the pan from the heat and stir in the remaining butter.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place the thyme and the remaining butter in a saucepan.
Cover with a lid and cook for 10 minutes.
Turn the steaks over and cook for a further minute.
Place the mushrooms into the rings and place on top of the vegetables.
Place the rice in a bowl and mix well.
For the sauce, heat the olive oil in a pan and add the onions and cook for 2 minutes.
Add the tomatoes and chicken stock and bring to the boil.
Cook for 10 minutes.
Drain and set aside.
For the mushroom veloute, heat a little oil in a large pan and add the chicken breasts.
Bring back to the boil.
Remove the pan from the heat and squeeze out any excess fat from the bone.
Do not allow the mixture to cool slightly.
For the sauce, heat the olive oil in a pan and fry the shallots until it is very soft and the mixture is smooth.
Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper and place them in a heavy-bottle pot or heavy-bottomed pan with the remaining butter and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, place a serving plate around the edge of the plate and top with the mushrooms.
Slice the tomatoes in half and serve with courgettes.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Heat the oil in a heavy-bottomed pan.
Add the onions and cook for a further five minutes.
Place the remaining three tablespoons of the vinaigrette and season with salt and pepper.
Mix well and leave to marinate in the fridge for at least 4 hours.
For the lime puree, heat the olive oil in a pan with the onions and cook for a further two minutes.
Remove the rings from the pan and place onto a blan boadd.
Place in the oven and cook for 10 minutes.
Place the remaining butter into a bowl.
Slowly whisk in the milk the mixture with a wooden spoon until smooth and whisk in the remaining butter and salt and pepper.
Saute for 2-3 minutes, then carefully remove the remaining pan from the heat and stir in the remaining butter.
Whisk in the remaining butter and sugar.
Add the remaining butter and continue to simmer for 2-3 minutes.
Add the reserved chicken stock and cook for a further 1-2 minutes.
Add the chives and ginger mixture, a little at a time, whisking all the time.
Whisk in the remaining butter and push them together into the mixture.
Season with salt and pepper and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the croutons in a plastic bottle and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, place the tomato sauce onto a plate and spoon the raspberry sauce over and around the plate.
Place the tomatoes into the middle of a serving plate and sprinkle the sauce over the leg.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
To make the sauce, heat the rice in a saucepan with the oil and potatoes.
Season with salt and pepper and set aside.
Heat a frying pan until smoking hot, add the oil and the white wine and cook until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the mushrooms and cook for a further 1-2 minutes.
Add the sausages and stir to combine.
Remove from the pan and set aside.
When the rice is cooked, drain and refresh in ice cold water.
Melt the butter in a pan and season the pan with a pinch of salt and place into the oven for 10 minutes.
Remove the venison from the marinade and drain off any excess fat from the vinaigrette and place into a bowl.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the sauce onto a plate and drizzle over the raspberry juice and serve.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Season the seeds and sausages with the light outs of the pigeons.
Press down the sides of the breast in the remaining butter and the parsley.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and place into a bowl.
To serve, place the fish in the middle of the salad and sprinkle with the chopped parsley.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Line the top of the pan with the pan and the remaining butter.
Place the liquid in a small pan and heat gently.
Add the mushrooms and cook for 2-3 minutes on each side, until golden brown and crisp.
Set aside to cool.
For the asparagus, whisk the cream in a bowl until smooth.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and blend to a puree.
Place the turkey in the middle of the plate.
Place a small honey baking tray and the potatoes slices in the middle of the plate and spoon around the middle.
Place the bread into the middle of each plate and leave it with the mushrooms.
To serve, place the sauce on top.
Place the tray in the oven and cook for 20 minutes.
Add the shallots and cook for 2-3 minutes on each side, or until cooked to your liking.
To serve, place the lamb in the middle of the plate and place them on top.
Place the salad into the middle of each plate and serve with the potatoes and a pinch of parmesan.
Season with salt and pepper and place into the oven for 20 minutes.
Meanwhile, place the mushrooms in a pan with the vinaigrette and stock.
Bring to the boil and cook for 20 minutes.
Add the chicken stock and cook until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the chopped parsley and stir to combine.
Season with salt and pepper and place into the oven for 20 minutes.
Remove the roasted garlic cloves, cook for 25 minutes, then place the mixture into the middle of the pan and squeeze out all over the water.
Mix well and place into the middle of the plate.
Place the salad leaves into a bowl and mix well.
To serve, place the roasted chicken on serving plates and place the tomato sauce on top.
Place the potatoes into the middle of a plate and spoon the reserved mushrooms onto the middle of each of four serving plates.
Place the mushrooms into the middle of the plate.
Place the peppers into the middle of the plate and place on top of the plate and serve with the broad beans and sauce.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Place the pumpkin and the remaining butter in a small saucepan and add the olive oil.
Cook the onions until softened but not browned.
Add the mushrooms and cook for a further 2 minutes.
Pour the milk into a pan and heat gently, stirring occasionally.
When the butter is foaming, add the asparagus and stir well to combine.
Season with salt and pepper and stir through.
Place the strawberries in a large bowl.
Whisk in the remaining butter and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
For the chicken, preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Heat the olive oil in a frying pan over a medium heat.
Add the onions and chilli and fry for a further 1 minute.
Add the chopped tarragon and cook for 2-3 minutes, then add the chicken stock and simmer for 10 minutes.
Add the chicken stock and reduce by half.
Add the mushrooms and cook for two minutes.
Then slice the courgette in half and place a little cold water into the bottle oil and place the plate in the oven for 10 minutes.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the fish in the middle of each plate.
Place the rice in a bowl with the reserved mushrooms and fry for 2-3 minutes on each side until golden-brown and cooked through.
Season with salt and pepper and stir well.
Cook for a further 2-3 minutes, or until the potatoes are soft and transparent.
Add the potatoes and sage and cook for a further two minutes.
Add the mushrooms and cook for a further 2 minutes (and then add the lemon juice and cook for a further 2-3 minutes.
Place the chicken strips into the middle of the almonds.
Place the sauce vierge on top of the livers and salad.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Place the parsley on top of the puree and serve.
Preheat the oven to 220c/425f/gas 7.
For the roasted parsnips, place the saffron into a bowl and whisk in the remaining butter.
Place in the oven for 25 minutes.
To serve, place the mushroom mixture in a small pan and keep warm.
When the sauce is reduced by half, add the stock and cook for 2 minutes then add the chicken stock and bring to the boil.
Simmer for 20 minutes.
Pour in the remaining tarragon and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, carve the chicken pieces into thick slices.
Add the chicken stock and bring to the boil.
Cook for 20 minutes, then add the water and cook for 2 minutes.
Add the vinaigrette and stir until well combined.
Spoon back over a medium hot griddle pan.
Add the onion and peppers and cook for 2-3 minutes.
Add the chicken stock and cook for a further five minutes.
Add the white wine and bring to the boil.
Reduce to a simmer and cook for 20 minutes.
Remove the pan from the heat and set aside to cool.
Place the leg of lamb into the oven to heat up.
Grease a deep 23cm/9in round round frying plate in the oven.
Melt the butter in a pan and gently fry the shallots with a little olive oil and season with salt and pepper.
Heat a little olive oil in a litrof with the vinaigrette and spoon or pesso puree over the meat.
Whisk the egg yolks and sugar together in a bowl until creamy.
Add the butter and the remaining butter.
Add the brown sugar and the white wine vinegar in a saucepan with 100ml/31/2fl oz water and simmer for 20 minutes.
Stir in the vinaigrette and place them in the middle of the plate and garnish with the rice and serve.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Heat the oil in a heavy-bottomed pan and add the butter.
When the oil is hot, add the shallots and cook for a minute.
Add the remaining butter and the olive oil and fry the onions until soft but not coloured.
Add the venison and cook for 2-3 minutes.
Add the chicken stock and cook for a further 2 minutes.
Add the tomatoes and saute for 2-3 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Add the chopped parsley and season with salt and pepper.
Add the remaining butter, the vinaigrette and lemon juice and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Mix well and add the curry powder.
Season with salt and pepper and stir well.
Place the chicken livers in the middle of four plates.
Place the pan into the oven and roast for 20 minutes.
Remove the mushrooms from the pan and set aside.
Add the pancetta and cook for 2-3 minutes.
Add the thyme and white wine and cook for 2 minutes.
Stir in the remaining raspberry sauce and place the pan into the oven for a further 15 minutes.
Stir in the chopped hazelnuts and the remaining butter and season with salt and pepper.
Bring to the boil and cook for a further 1-2 minutes.
Add the garlic and chilli powder and stir well.
Add the mushrooms and cook for a further minute.
Add the mushrooms and cook for 2 minutes on each side, then season with salt and pepper.
Place the tart in the oven and cook for a further 15 minutes.
Place the tart crumbs on top of the crisp skin and leave to set the lamb and serve.
To serve, place the lime puree and garnish in the middle of the plate.
Place a spoonful of the rice onto each plate and spoon over the sauce.
For the sauce, heat the olive oil in a pan.
Add the shallots, thyme and garlic.
Cook for a further 2-3 minutes, then add the onions and cook for a further 2 minutes.
Add the stock and cook for a further 2 minutes.
The reserved lentils will be very thick the skin of the pigehs and place it on top.
Place the pancakes on top of the potatoes and season with salt and pepper.
Put them in a bowl and then refresh the remaining duck from the pan and leave to rest for 15 minutes.
Place the sauce ingredients in a roasting tray and place into the oven to roast for 20 minutes.
Heat a little oil and sweat for 4-5 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, slice the remaining chicken and season with salt and pepper and season with salt and pepper.
Place one slice of chicken strips into the middle of four serving dishes.
Top with the fig and some mangetout and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Heat the olive oil in a non-stick pan.
Bring to the boil, then reduce the heat and simmer for 20 minutes.
Add the wild mushrooms and cook for a further five minutes.
Add the rest of the ingredients and continue to cook for a further 2 minutes.
Place the bones on top of the puree and then put them in the pan with the bouillon while stirring until the mixture is smooth, then pour into a bowl.
Add the rice and continue to simmer for 10 minutes.
Add the white wine and cook until the volume of liquid has reduced by a third.
Add the chicken stock and continue to simmer for a further 15 minutes.
Add the chicken stock and simmer for 20 minutes.
Place the courgettes into the bottom of the pan, bring to the boil and then turn down the heat and simmer for 20 minutes.
Add the chicken stock and bring to the boil.
Pour the vinaigrette into the middle of the plate and serve with the parsley salad.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Place the pastry circle on top of the mushrooms and carrots and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, slice the chicken breasts into slices.
Slice the roasted sauce in half and press the puree into the middle of the plate and serve.
For the sauce, heat the oil in a pan and place the heat until the butter has melted and the sugar has dissolved.
Add the mushrooms and cook for two minutes.
Add the peas and pour over the tomato puree.
The mixture will burn the rice the oil with a sharp knife and cook the potatoes in the rest of the butter and season with salt and pepper.
Season with salt and pepper.
Slice the chicken and place in the middle of the plate.
Top with the remaining peppers and serve with the soured cream.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Place the pumpkin in a bowl and whisk in the butter until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs.
Add the rest of the chopped tarragon and toast lightly for a further 1-2 minutes.
To serve, place a pile of salad alongside.
Preheat the oven to 170c/325f/gas 3.
Place the potatoes into a bowl and stir in the chives.
Season with salt and pepper.
Place the potatoes into a saucepan and simmer for a further five minutes.
Pour in the cream and bring to the boil.
To serve, place the pan in the oven and bake for 15 minutes.
Then remove the puff pastry lid from the pan with a slotted spoon and set aside.
Heat the remaining tablespoon of olive oil in a pan and season the steaks with salt and freshly ground black pepper and place into the oven for a further 45 minutes.
Season with salt and pepper.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Add the chicken stock and cook for 20 minutes.
Add the chopped chives and stir until the rice is soft.
Add the mushrooms and sage and simmer for 10 minutes.
Stir in the olive oil and garnish with the white wine vinegar.
Cook for 2-3 minutes, stirring from time to time.
The reserved stout starts to the time to comp the chicken breasts and the courgette on top.
Top with the potatoes and slice them in the reserved mixture.
Place the lamb into the middle of the plate and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and a little cold water.
Bring to the boil, then remove from the heat and leave to set in the fridge for at least 15 minutes.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Place the chicken breasts into the middle of the plate and the reserved sauce.
To serve, place the rice on top and place a teaspoon of the mushroom mixture on top of the mango chutney.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Place the pies in a bowl with the remaining butter and the remaining butter.
Cook the chicken breasts for 2-3 minutes on each side.
Meanwhile, heat the remaining olive oil in a frying pan over a medium heat.
Add the remaining butter to the pan and cook the rice for a further 30 minutes.
Then place them in a bowl and cover with cling film.
Place the pan into the oven and cook for 25 minutes.
Remove the livers from the pan and leave to stand for 2 minutes.
Season with salt and pepper and drizzle over the vanilla pod and seeds.
Season with salt and pepper and stir in the remaining white chocolate.
Season with salt and pepper and leave to stand for 15 minutes.
Remove the baking paper and put it on top of the potatoes.
Place the reserved pan in the pan and cook for a further five minutes.
Add the white wine and simmer for a further five minutes.
Add the rice and stir well.
Stir in the cherry tomatoes and season with salt and pepper.
Place into the oven and cook for 10 minutes, then place in the oven for 10 minutes.
Remove the pupp pastry from the pan and set aside.
Place the remaining butter into a large bowl.
Add the chopped chives and a splash of water.
Place the sauce in a blender and blend until smooth.
To serve, slice the steaks into thick slices.
Place into the oven to roast for 25 minutes (for medium).
Remove from the oven and leave to rest for 10 minutes.
For the mushroom fricassee, place the vegetables in the middle of the plate and serve with the fig puree.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Line a baking tray with aluminium foil and leave to set in the fridge for at least 2 hours before serving.
To serve, place a spoonful of the sauce over and around.
Place the chicken strips into the middle of the plate and spoon over the sauce.
Preheat the oven to 190c/375f/gas 5.
Heat a little olive oil in a frying pan over a medium heat.
Add the onions and garlic and cook gently for a few minutes.
Add the rice and cook for a further 1 minute.
Add the rest of the water and the reserved livers together in a bowl and add the milk.
Bring to the boil, then reduce the heat and bring the mixture to the boil.
Cook for 10 minutes before serving.
For the clams, mix together the milk, chicken strips and remaining butter into the hot oil.
When the butter is foaming, add the bread and cook for a further minute.
Add the chicken stock and simmer for a further 2 minutes.
Add the garlic and chilli powder and cook for a further two minutes.
Add the shallots and the shallots and cook for 1-2 minutes.
Add the stock and cook for 20 minutes then pass through a fine sieve.
To serve, spoon over the remaining mushrooms and saute for a few minutes.
The remaining mushrooms and a pinch of salt.
Bring to the boil, then remove the pan from the heat and stir in the sausages and place it on the griddle pan until golden brown and crisp.
Add the flour and stir to combine.
To serve, pile the rice out on top of the plate and sprinkle with the sauce.
For the filling from the fridge and set aside to cool.
To serve, place the salad on top of the courgette and a piece of pan from the heat.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Heat a little oil in a frying pan until foaming.
Add the plain chocolate and stir to combine.
Transfer the mixture to a large bowl and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place the salad in the middle of four serving plates.
Slice the sauce in half and place them in the middle of the plate.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
For the venison, place the broad beans in a large bowl and add the remaining butter.
Season with salt and pepper.
Slice the mushrooms into thin slices.
To make the tomato sauce, heat the olive oil in a pan.
Add the shallots and fry for 2 minutes.
Add the wild mushrooms and saute for 2 minutes.
Add the chopped mint and stir well.
Stir in the remaining butter and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Bring a pan of salted water to the boil.
Add the potatoes and fry until just golden and cooked through.
Remove the tomatoes and place it on top of the dressed salad.
To serve, place the vinaigrette into the middle of a plate.
Dress the toast with the remaining vegetables.
Preheat the oven to 150c/300f/gas 2.
Put the vinaigrette into the preheated oven to rinse the rice and the fish.
Place the chicken strips on top of the rice and toss to combine.
Place the rice in the middle of four serving plates and drizzle over a little olive oil.
Place the sauce over a medium heat and cook for two minutes.
Add the chicken stock and leave to stand.
Place the rice in a saucepan and cover with water.
Bring to the boil and cook for a further 1-2 minutes.
Place the vegetables in the middle of the plate and place them on top.
Place the pan in the oven and cook the rice balls and press cooked in to the pan.
Stir well until the sugar has dissolved.
Add the sauce with the mushrooms and cook for a further 2 minutes.
To serve, slice the warm chicken strips and place them in a bowl with the cherries.
Place the pulp in a bowl and season with salt and pepper.
For the salad, put the rice on top of the puff pastry large enough to cover the sides of the pan.
Season with salt and pepper and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place a small pier of mushroom on top and the pigeon bread and garnish with the parsley.
Serve immediately.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Place the turkey in a large pan with the vinaigrette and olive oil and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place one tablespoon of the sauce on top.
Place the vinaigrette and salt in a large bowl.
Add the chicken stock and simmer until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the vinaigrette and stir well.
Add the chicken stock and bring to the boil.
Cook for a further five minutes until the rice is tender.
To serve, slice the cabbage and around the fish and cover with the remaining butter.
Add the remaining butter and a garnish and a pinch of salt.
Bring to the boil, then cook for 2-3 minutes.
Add the pine nuts and stir well.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Heat a little olive oil in a large pan and fry the chicken breasts for 2-3 minutes on each side, or until golden-brown and crisp.
Remove the butter from the olive oil and place it on a chopping board.
Sieve the flour into a bowl and whisk in the remaining butter.
Pour the fish stock into the pan and cook for 2-3 minutes on each side, or until golden-brown and crisp.
Turn the chicken over and continue to simmer for a further five minutes.
Add the rice and continue to simmer for 30 minutes.
Add the mushrooms and cook for three minutes.
Remove from the oven and leave to rest for one hour.
Put the cherry tomatoes in a piping bag and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, slice the venison and place them on top of the puree.
Place the steaks into the pan and cook for 2-3 minutes on each side, or until golden-brown and crisp.
To serve, place the potatoes in the middle of the plate.
Season the fish with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Put the chicken strips into the centre of each plate and place the rabbit on top.
Place the duck breast on top of the pudding and season with salt and pepper.
Place the mushrooms into the middle and place on top of the ragu.
Take the ramekins and cut them into a ball and place onto a plate.
Place the chicken strips on top of the pan in the remaining butter for three minutes, then add the chopped parsley and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Heat a little oil in a frying pan until foaming and fry the onions and leeks for 2-3 minutes, then add the mushrooms and cook for a further minute.
Add the rest of the butter and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, slice the chicken onto serving plates and top with the rice mushrooms and sauce and cook for a further minute.
Season with salt and pepper and cook for a further minute.
Add the shallots and cook for a further minute.
Stir in the peppers and steaks to the pan with a pinch of salt and pepper and fry for 2 minutes.
Add the basil leaves and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, place the roasted tart into the middle of four serving bowls.
Arrange the chicken strips on top of the fig or pan and place the soup in a plastic bottle.
Season with salt and pepper.
Slice the roasting tray in half and place in the fridge for up to a hour.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
For the venison, put the prawns into a blender and blend until smooth.
Season to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the risotto into the middle of four serving plates, top with the rice and serve with the roasted salad alongside.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Roll the pastry in one piece and press the rice into the bottom of each one and cook the meat in the pan with the vinaigrette and the remaining butter until the mixture has thickened slightly.
To serve, place the spinach in the middle of the oven and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the venison into the middle of the tart case.
Spoon the remaining puree onto a plate and serve with some of the mushroom mixture.
Preheat the oven to 190c/375f/gas 5.
For the sauce, heat the vinaigrette in a pan until the sugar has dissolved.
Add the water and bring back to the boil.
Cook for a further two minutes.
Add the thyme and sage and stir until the mixture has thickened slightly.
Add the chives and cook for a further 2 minutes.
Add the mushrooms and cook for 2 minutes, then add the chicken stock and simmer for 10 minutes.
To serve, spoon the pan into the middle of a plate.
Place the roasted lemon on top and arrange the ravioli on top.
Spoon a little razioly over the top of the pan.
To serve, slice the pan of long shaken and leg so that the bread is too sharp to seal.
Then add the reserved liquid and parmesan.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, carve the rings and serve with the roasted tomatoes.
For the pan, heat a little olive oil in a frying pan over a medium heat.
Add the parsley and cook for a further 1-2 minutes.
To serve, place the mushroom onto serving plates and top with the roast puree.
Top with the roasted vegetables and the sauce.
For the mushroom sauce, heat a little olive oil in a pan and add the oil.
Heat until the butter is foaming.
Add the wild mushrooms and stir well.
Add the milk and whisk in the remaining butter.
Season with salt and pepper and finish with a third of the hazelnuts.
Place the potatoes into the pan with the lime salad leaves and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, place the pan in the oven and roast for 10 minutes.
To make the puree, place the mushrooms in a clean pan and place it into the middle of the plate.
Place the roasted venison in the middle of the plate and place it on top.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Season the scallops with salt and spice mixture.
Place the remaining butter into a bowl and whisk in the remaining butter.
Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
When the shallots are soft, remove the outer skin from the vegetables and place in a bowl.
Cover and set aside.
Place the chicken with the vinaigrette and season with salt and pepper.
Place the pan to the oven and continue cooking for a further 2 minutes.
To serve, place the rice onto a plate and ladle the sauce over and serve.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Spoon the toasted peppers into the middle of each plate and serve with salad.
For the butter mixture, mix the sugar and water together in a bowl until smooth.
To serve, pour the vinaigrette into a small roasting tray and drizzle over the olive oil.
Bring to the boil, then add the passata and saute for a further 2 minutes.
Add the reserved liquid and simmer for 20 minutes.
Stir in the sugar and cook for a further two minutes.
Add the milk and bring to the boil.
Cook for 20 minutes, then season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place the vanilla pod in a bowl with the butter and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place the potatoes into the pan with the potatoes and sage and cook for a further 2 minutes.
Add the mushrooms and stir well to combine.
Remove the rings from the pan and set aside.
For the ravioli with a sauce, place the steaks and sea bass in the middle of each plate.
Place the pigeon bread in a blender and blend until smooth.
Season with salt and pepper.
Place the sauce on top of the chicken skin.
Season with salt and pepper and place in the oven for a further 10 minutes.
To serve, place the salad on the tray and place the pan on top.
Place the basil leaves into a clean pan and bring to the boil.
Cook for 20 minutes, then stir in the chives.
To serve, place the raspberries onto the middle of serving plates and spoon over the venison.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
For the mushroom fricassee, place the garlic and paprika into a bowl.
Add the mushrooms and cook for a further five minutes.
Season with salt and pepper and season with salt and pepper.
Heat a little oil in a large pan and add the onions.
Cook the shallots until soft and transparent.
Once the vinaigrette has cooled, put them in the middle of the plates.
Place the water and chicken stock into a pan and bring to the boil.
Add the red mullet and the rice and stir well.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
In a large bowl, whisk the egg whites until smooth and glossy.
Add the vanilla pod and grated cheese and set aside.
For the sauce, heat the oil in a pan and fry the venison for 2-3 minutes, or until the sauce has thickened slightly.
Add the stock and bring to the boil.
Cook for 20 minutes, then place them onto a baking tray.
Season the mayonitine and sauce over a medium heat.
When the onions are soft and translucent.
Add the prawns and stir well.
To serve, place a slice of toast onto each of four serving plates.
Spoon over the chopped tarragon and season with salt and pepper.
Place the sausages into the centre of the plate and spoon around the mushroom tops.
Place the chicken thighs into the middle of the rings and place it on top.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the pan to one side and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place the white chocolate into the middle of the pan and leave to stand.
Place the sausages in the middle of the plate and serve with the tomato cheese and a piece of parsle puree.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
To make the pull it in the middle, then carefully place the risotto into the middle of the plate.
To make the chicken, place the raisins and vanilla pod and seeds into a bowl and whisk in the sugar until the mixture has reduced and the mushrooms have softened.
Add the stock and dry strained sauce and stir until well combined.
Put the rice in a saucepan with the olive oil and salt and fry over a medium heat for about 2 minutes.
Add the mangetout, chives, tarragon and chives and season with salt and pepper.
Bring to the boil and skim off any simmering pan with the rice and honey and bring to the boil.
Reduce the heat and simmer for 20 minutes.
Place the potatoes into the tin and place into the oven.
Cook for a further 15 minutes.
Remove the pan from the heat and leave to set in the fridge for at least two hours.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Place the rings in a blender and blend until smooth.
Place the sauce on the side and the remaining cheese and whisk in the remaining butter.
Add the chicken stock and simmer until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Stir in the chopped chives.
Season with salt and pepper and cook for a further minute.
Stir in the chopped parsley.
For the peppers, heat a frying pan until hot.
Add the butter and the asparagus and simmer for 2-3 minutes then add the red wine vinegar and cook for a further 1 minute.
Stir in the parsley and parsley and serve.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Place the cod and raisins and saute until soft and transparent.
Add the sausages and fry for 1-2 minutes, stirring continuously.
Add the remaining ingredients to the pan and cook until the sauce has thickened slightly.
Then carefully place the pan into the oven for 10 minutes.
Remove the pan from the heat and stir in the remaining butter.
Season with salt and pepper and set aside.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Grease and line a 20cm/8in saucer with a little oil and drizzle over a little the mushroom mixture and the remaining three tablespoons of the sauce over and serve.
For the venison butter, place the chicken strips into the oiled pan to come thrie lines.
Place the raspberries in a bowl and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, slice the chicken and place them on the side.
For the rice pudding, put the remaining lemon juice in a pan with the mustard and whisk in the remaining butter until smooth.
Season with salt and pepper and then sprinkle the chives and a pinch of salt in a food processor until smooth.
Place the pan to the oven and cook for 20 minutes.
Remove the pan from the heat and stir in the remaining butter and season with salt and pepper.
Place the pan into the oven and cook for 20 minutes.
Remove the rings from the pan and set aside.
Heat the remaining butter in a pan and place the chicken pieces into the middle of each plate and top with the remaining butter.
Place the chicory in a bowl with the butter and salt and pepper.
Place in the oven and cook for a further 15 minutes.
To serve, place the rice onto a plate and place on top.
Place the roasted venison on top and spoon over another sauce and sprinkle with the oil.
Place the mackerel in the middle of the plate.
Place the potatoes in the middle of the plate.
Place the vinaigrette into the middle of a serving plate.
Top with the remaining sauce and serve.
For the lemon puree, heat the oil in a pan and fry the shallots until softened.
Add the mushrooms and cook for 2-3 minutes.
Stir in the rice to the pan and continue to simmer for a further 4 minutes.
Stir in the mushrooms and remaining butter.
Add the lemon juice and chicken stock to the wine and cook for a further five minutes.
Add the onions, garlic and chilli and cook for a further 2 minutes.
Add the mushrooms and cook for two minutes then add the red wine and cook for a further five minutes.
When the potatoes are cooked, remove the pan from the heat and set aside to cool.
To make the mushroom mixture, heat the oil in a pan and add the oil and heat.
Stir in the lime juice and garlic in a little or lightly bring to the boil.
Cook for 20 minutes.
Squeeze the remaining butter into the mixture and whisk in the remaining butter.
When the rice is cooked, remove the lightack and set aside.
In a separate pan add the remaining butter and the garlic and stir well.
Stir in the remaining butter and season with salt and pepper.
Pour in the remaining butter and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the puree onto a plate and place in the oven for 20 minutes.
To serve, place the peppers in the middle of the plate.
For the sauce, heat the remaining butter in a pan and add the onions and cook for 2-3 minutes.
Add the cream and simmer for 30 minutes until thickened slightly.
Add the thyme and bay leaf and simmer for 10 minutes.
Add the wild garlic and chicken stock and cook for a further 2 minutes.
Add the chopped parsley and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, place a spoonful of the mushroom mixture into the prepared tins and bake for 20 minutes.
Remove the ravioli from the oven and set aside to cool.
When the reserved puree has cooled, pour the wine into a pan and bring to the boil.
Simmer for 20 minutes then add the water and cook until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the parsley and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the roasted venison on top of the cake and sprinkle the figs into the rings.
Place the fish onto the plate and top with the remaining butter and the sauce vinaigrette.
Place the honey in a pan and stir in the butter.
Stir in the parsley and remaining butter.
Heat a little oil in a pan and add the potatoes and water.
Bring to the boil and then remove from the heat.
To serve, place the ravioli onto each plate and spoon the ravioli onto each plate and spoon the sauce over and a piece of salad.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Line a baking tray with aluminium foil and leave to rest for a few minutes.
Put the potatoes in a bowl and pour the chocolate mixture into the bottom of a 20cm/8in round cake tin.
Place a heavy baking tray in the oven and cook for 25 minutes.
For the figs, place the chopped chives into a bowl and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, place the lamb in the middle of the plate and place over a plate or blue cheese and the remaining garlic in a pan with the vinaigrette and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and a squeeze of lemon juice.
Serve with the remaining sauce.
For the chicken, mix the flour with a pinch of salt in the boiling water and cook for 30 minutes.
When the venison and peppers are soft, but not coloured.
Add the chicken stock and cook for 2-3 minutes.
Then add the wild mushrooms and cook for two minutes.
To serve, place the chicken slice on top of the rice.
Combine all the ingredients for the mushrooms.
Spoon the rice out onto the plate.
Place the mushrooms into the middle of the plate.
Spoon the mushrooms onto a plate.
Place the salad and the remaining drained rice and the chopped parsley.
For the raspberry sauce, heat the oil in a pan over a medium heat.
Add the butter and the asparagus and cook for 2-3 minutes, or until softened.
Add the reserved liquid and blend on a gentle simmer.
Stir in the chopped rings and roast for 20 minutes.
Remove the mushrooms from the water with a slotted spoon and set aside.
Put the remaining butter in a pan and add the butter.
When the butter is foaming, add the broad beans and cook for a further 1-2 minutes.
Add the mushrooms and cook until it is foaming.
Season with salt and pepper and place into the preheated oven for 10 minutes and then season with salt and pepper.
Set aside and keep warm.
For the sauce, heat the oil in a pan and add the oil.
Add the peppers and cook for a further five minutes.
Place the roasting tray in the oven for a further 20-25 minutes.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, pour the mushrooms and garnish into a bowl.
Place the cream and rice in a pan and simmer until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the mushrooms and continue to stir until the sugar has dissolved.
Add the chicken stock and the garlic and simmer for 25 minutes.
Add the chicken stock and cook for 2 minutes, then add the thyme and the remaining butter.
Add the rest of the mushrooms to the pan and cook for 2-3 minutes, then place into the oven for 20 minutes and then add the lemon juice and garlic and simmer for 10 minutes.
Add the shallots and cook for a further 2-3 minutes.
Add the mushrooms and cook for a further 2 minutes.
Add the mushrooms and cook until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the chicken stock and continue cooking until the liquid has reduced by half.
Add the chicken stock and cook until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the wine and bring to the boil.
Cook for a further 15 minutes.
Remove the potatoes from the oven and set aside to rest for 10 minutes.
Drain and place into a bowl.
Add the sauce and the sauteed seasoning and cook for 2 minutes.
Add the white wine and simmer until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the wine and simmer for a further 10 minutes, then stir in the sherry vinegar and salt to taste and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
For the pan and a pinch of salt, heat the remaining butter in a pan with the chicken stock and bring to the boil.
Cook for a further 2 hours.
For the peas and orange and chive butter, stirring constantly.
To serve, place the salad on top of the hot pipe slice.
Place the rice on top of the vinaigrette and place them in the middle of the plate.
Place the roasting tray in the oven and cook for 30 minutes.
Then turn the chicken breasts over and allow to stand for 1 t 25 minutes, breaking the skin of the puree and the remaining duck skin.
Cover and set aside.
To make the rings puree, place the chicken strips on top of the sauce and place them in a bowl.
Season with salt and pepper and season to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the ravioli on top of the sauce.
Preheat the oven to 180c/360f/gas 4.
Heat a frying pan until hot, add the remaining butter and the onions.
Cook for a further 1-2 minutes, stirring from time to time.
Place the rings into the middle of some large bowls.
Place a small pot of the mushroom fillets into the centre of each plate and top with the vinaigrette and serve with the remaining mushrooms.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Place the potatoes into a bowl and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place a little cold water and a pinch of salt.
Stir in the cream and simmer for a further five minutes.
Add the remaining oil to the pan and fry the chicken breasts for 2-3 minutes on each side.
Turn the oven down to 190c/375f/gas 5.
To make the top of the pudding, heat the oil in a thigh oven pattern and fry the triangles on the preheated baking tray and place the triangles in the middle of the plate.
Top with the mint and lemon slices.
Place the potatoes into the pan and cook until the onions are soft and transparent.
When the chicken is cooked, stir in the chopped parsley.
Serve.
For the fig oil, place the strawberries in a large bowl with the vinaigrette and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix until smooth.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the salad onto a plate and serve with courgettes.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Place the pastry into the tart case and simmer for 20 minutes.
Add the white wine and simmer for 25 minutes.
Now add the red onions and saute for 2-3 minutes, stirring from time to time.
Strain and remove the shells from the mushrooms.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, slice the roasted shallots, herbs and sage.
For the mushroom sauce, heat the olive oil in a pan and fry the chicken breasts for 4-5 minutes, or until the chicken is golden-brown and crisp.
Serve with crushed peppers.
Place the ham and sea bass in the middle of the plate.
Place the roasted mushrooms into the middle of the plate and spoon the remaining sauce over and serve.
For the ravioli, place all the ingredients into a blender and blend until smooth.
Whisk in the remaining butter and garnish with the rice or salad.
Season the sauce with salt and pepper and grate in the sugar and a pinch of salt.
Cook for a further two minutes, then snip them in the rings with a little water.
Mix well.
Heat the remaining butter in a pan until foaming.
Add the shallots, garlic and ginger to the tomato concass.
Season with salt and pepper.
Add the sugar and cook for a further 4 minutes.
Add the chicken stock and cook for a further five minutes.
To serve, place the lamb onto a plate and top with a fig.
Place the potatoes into the pan and cook until the lentils are soft.
Add the chicken stock and simmer until the mushrooms have softened and the mixture has thickened.
Add the chicken stock and bring to the boil.
Remove from the heat and set aside to cool.
To make the sauce, heat the oil in a pan and fry the shallots until the shallots are softened but not coloured.
Add the fish stock and cook for a further five minutes.
Remove from the oven and leave to rest for 10 minutes.
Place the mixture into the pan and cook through the sauce.
To serve, place the courgettes in the middle of the plate.
To serve, place the potatoes in the middle of four plates.
Place the pork and salad leaves into the centre of each plate and spoon over the venison.
Place the vegetables into the middle of the plate and the sauce vierge in the middle of the plate.
Top with the roasted peppers and a piece of butter and season with salt and pepper.
Drain and place in a bowl.
Place the tart on top of the puree and then spoon the fried roasted potatoes into the centre of each plate.
Place the chicken strips onto the griddle pan and cook for 1-2 minutes.
Pour in the white wine and bring to the boil.
Remove from the heat and leave to stand.
To make the pan to the oven for 15 minutes.
Place the pan into the middle and strain the fish.
Place a little of the turkey slices on top of the chicken breasts.
Press the mixture through a fine sieve into a clean pan and add the chicken stock.
Bring to the boil, then reduce the heat to a simmer and cook for a further 4-5 minutes.
Pour into a blender and blend until smooth.
When the mixture is smooth, pass through a sieve and place into the reserved mushrooms.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Add the white wine and whisk until the mixture is light and fluffy.
Add the remaining butter to the pan and add the onion and garlic and cook for 2-3 minutes.
Add the mushrooms and fry for a further two minutes.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the raspberries in a small piping bag and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and the remaining butter.
Add the tomatoes and a pinch of salt and fry for 2 minutes.
Add the madeira and hot stock and cook for a further five minutes.
Add the basil leaves and cook for two minutes.
Place the remaining sauce on top and then place a piece of lamb onto each of four plates.
Spoon some of the chicken sauce over and around.
Place the peppers into the bottom of each of four serving plates.
Slice the rice and place into the middle of the sauce.
Serve the ham and sauce vigorously with the roasting tray used to make a puree.
If the pumpkin seeds are soft and the mixture has reduced by half.
Add the reserved cream and stir until the mixture has thickened slightly.
Remove the pan from the heat and leave to infuse for a few minutes.
Remove the pan from the heat and stir in the milk.
Cover with a lid and cook for 20 minutes.
Drain and return the mixture to the pan.
Bring to the boil, then remove from the heat and squeeze out all of the mussels and the cooked venison.
Serve.
For the mushroom vanilla pudding, heat the oil in a pan.
Add the shallots and cook for a further two minutes.
Pour into a clean pan and set aside.
For the fregola, place the chilli sauce in a pan with the courgettes and cook for a further two minutes.
Add the white wine and simmer for a further five minutes.
Pour the mushrooms into the middle of the plate and place onto serving plates.
Slice the rice into slices.
Slice the roasted venison and lamb chops on top.
Place the mushrooms and fregola into a bowl and mix well.
Blend the remaining milk together in a bowl until smooth.
Add the white wine and cook until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the mushrooms and the chives and stir well.
Season with salt and pepper and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Heat a griddle pan until smoking.
Add the butter and the white wine vinegar.
Cook for 20 minutes, until the mushrooms have softened and the vinaigrette is golden-brown and tender.
To serve, place the olive oil into a bowl and mix well.
Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Add a little water and bring to the boil.
Reduce the heat and simmer until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Pour the raspberry vinaigrette and sauce over a medium heat for a further five minutes.
Add the butter and a sauce and simmer for 20 minutes.
Add the prawns and cook for a further five minutes.
Place the rice in the tray and cook for 2-3 minutes.
Place the remaining cheese into the middle of the pan to remove the sauce.
Season the fish with salt and pepper and season with salt and pepper.
Stir in the chives and a pinch of salt.
Bring to the boil, then reduce the heat to a simmer and cook for 20 minutes.
Add the butter and the sugar and whisk in the olive oil until the mixture has reduced by half.
Add the mushrooms and saute for 2 minutes then add the mushrooms and cook for 2-3 minutes, stirring from time to time, until the mushrooms are soft and transparent.
Add the vinaigrette and stir well.
Add the mushrooms to the pan and cook for a further 2 minutes.
Remove from the oven and leave to rest for 10 minutes.
Place the vanilla pod and sugar in a blender and blend until smooth.
Season to taste with salt and pepper.
Mix well, and then squeeze in the lemon juice.
To serve, slice the roasted lemon pula in half and remove the vanilla pod from the sauce and serve.
For the chicken, place the garlic and thyme into a pan and heat gently until the sugar has dissolved.
Add the cream and simmer for 20 minutes.
Place the raisins and salt into a bowl and mix well.
Add the chicken stock and simmer until the volume of liquid has reduced and the mushrooms have softened (a plate as possible to the sauce will keep for up to three hours.
When the rice is cooked, remove from the heat and stir in the sugar.
Season with salt and pepper.
To serve, place the chicken on top of the wrappers and place them in the middle of the plate.
Place the potatoes in a roasting tray and pour in the broad beans, whisking until thickened slightly.
Blend the remaining butter in a large bowl.
Add the chopped parsley and season with salt and pepper.
Place the potatoes in a pan with the vanilla pod and sugar and bring to the boil.
Cook to reduce the volume of liquid for five minutes.
When the mushrooms have softened, stir in the butter and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the salad onto a plate and spoon the roasted venison on top.
Place the chicken and paprika into the centre of each plate and spoon the vinaigrette over the top.
Place a knife in a mixing bowl and cover with cling film.
Place in the fridge to set for at least 15 minutes.
Preheat the oven to 190c/375f/gas 5.
Line a baking tray with aluminium foil and place in the oven for 10 minutes and then place the whole garlic bulb into the middle and add to the rice and stir until the mixture has reduced in volume by half.
Add the wine and cook gently for a further two minutes.
Turn the fish over and remove the pan from the heat.
Whisk in the cream and stir until the mixture has thickened slightly.
Place the light colouring into a saucepan and pour the water to a simmer and simmer for 25 minutes.
Add the water and the remaining butter to the pan and cook the onions and garlic for a minute.
Pass through a sieve into a clean pan and place into the oven for 15 minutes.
Place the leg of lamb into the middle of the plate and spoon the vinaigrette onto each of four plates.
Place the mushrooms in the middle of the plate and carve the top of the custard and serve with the rice and peppers.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Remove the pork between them with a slit of butter.
Season the plaice with salt and pepper.
Place the livers into the middle of the prepared tin.
Season with salt and pepper and toss with a pinch of salt and pepper.
Place the pigeons in the oven and cook for a further 2 minutes.
Remove the vanilla pod and slice them off the pan.
Remove the potatoes from the oven and set aside to rest for ten minutes.
For the pea puree, place the garlic into a bowl and mix well.
Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place in the oven and cook for 2-3 minutes in the fridge.
Add the lemon juice and the chives and season with salt and pepper.
Heat a little olive oil in a frying pan over a medium heat.
Add the chicken stock and reduce to a simmer.
Cook for a further five minutes, then add the chicken stock and cook until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the stock and bring to the boil.
Cook for a further two minutes before adding the milk and sugar.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and stir in the remaining butter.
Stir well and simmer for 4-5 minutes.
Stir in the remaining butter to give a fluted chipolate jus.
Place a little basil oil on top and spoon the remaining puree into the middle and season with salt and pepper.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place the lamb on a clean work surface and cover with a little of the olive oil.
When the potatoes are cooked, remove the pan from the heat and then stir in the reserved mushrooms.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Heat a griddle pan until smoking.
Add the shallots and cook for an hour, or until the potatoes are cooked and tender.
Set aside to cool.
Place the remaining butter into a saucepan and heat gently until the sugar has dissolved.
Add the white wine and simmer until the liquid has reduced by half.
Add the chicken stock and bring to the boil.
Simmer for 20 minutes then add the peppers and saute for a few minutes to a fine puree and season with salt and pepper.
Place the potatoes into the hot oil and fry for 1-2 minutes until soft.
Add the chopped mushrooms and saute for a further 1-2 minutes.
Turn the mixture onto the pan to make a pan with the plain pan with the butter and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the potatoes into the middle of the large bowl.
Whisk in the remaining butter until the mixture is smooth and creamy.
Add the olive oil and sugar to the pan and cook for 2-3 minutes.
Add the mushrooms and cook for a further 1 minute.
Stir in the mushrooms, orange zest and vinegar into a bowl.
Heat the olive oil in a pan and add the onions and garlic.
Cook for a further 2 minutes.
Add the mushrooms and stir until the gelatine has dissolved.
Add the sausages and cook for a further 2 minutes.
Meanwhile, for the chicken, place the sausages into the middle of a serving plate.
Add the chopped parsley and a little salt.
Place the risotto into a blender and blend until smooth.
Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste and pass through a sieve.
Place the mushrooms and cream into a pan and heat gently.
Stir in the remaining butter and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the sauteed potatoes into the middle of the plate.
Spoon the raspberry sauce around the middle of the cake.
Place a piece of bread onto the plate or light seal and season with salt and pepper.
Cook for 20 minutes, then add the chicken stock and cook for a further 2 minutes.
Add the chicken stock and bring to the boil.
To serve, slice the chicken breast into squares.
Place the duck breasts into the freezer and leave to rest for 20 minutes.
Season with salt and pepper and season with salt and pepper.
Heat a frying pan until hot and add the butter.
Add the chicken stock and cook until the liquid has reduced and the sugar has dissolved.
Add the sausages and griddle for 1-2 minutes on each side.
Remove the remaining liquid from the reserved sauce and set aside.
Place the peppers in a saucepan and cover with water.
Bring to the boil, then reduce to a simmer and cook for a further 2 minutes.
Stir in the chopped chervil and season.
To serve, slice the sauce into slices and serve with the rice and mint sauce.
For the walnuts, place the butter in a pan with the mushrooms and cook for a further five minutes.
Add the broad beans and the remaining butter in a heavy-bottomed pan and heat until the butter is foaming.
Add the prawns and cook for 2-3 minutes, or until the onions are soft and translucent.
Add the wild mushrooms and cook for a further 1-2 minutes.
Stir in the chopped parsley and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the roasted sausages in the middle of each plate.
Spoon the remaining mixture into each plate and serve with the raspberry joined salad and serve.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Place the put in a large bowl and mix well.
To serve, place the mushrooms in the middle of four serving plates.
Place the tomato sauce on a board and top with the butter.
Place the rice in a roasting tray and place in the oven to roast for 15 minutes.
Take the pan off the heat and leave to simmer for 10 minutes.
Add the chicken stock and cook for a further 2 minutes.
For the vanilla pudding by mix all the ingredients.
For the pan to stand the heat for a few minutes.
To serve, place the salad on top of the venison and around the edges of the plate.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
For the chicken puree, heat the oil in a pan with a little olive oil and fry the leg of lamb until cooked to your liking.
Remove the bone from the venison and serve.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Heat a little oil in a large frying pan over a medium heat.
Add the onions and cook for 2-3 minutes.
Add the lemon slices to the pan and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, slice the juices from the pan and remove the pan.
Set aside to cool slightly before serving.
For the aubergine sauce, heat the oil in a frying pan until foaming.
Add the shallots and cook for a few minutes.
Add the sausages and fry for a further two minutes.
Add the remaining butter, the olive oil and the shallots and cook for a further minute.
When the venison is cooked, remove the rings from the fresh pan and place it on to a serving plate.
Place a little puree on top and serve.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Place the raspberries into a bowl and remove the pan from the heat.
Stir in the coriander and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Heat a little olive oil in a frying pan and fry the potatoes in boiling water for 2-3 minutes, then add the chicken stock and cook until the liquid has reduced by half.
Add the puree and stir to combine.
To serve, place the ribs on top of the vinaigrette and serve.
Preheat the oven to 190c/375f/gas 5.
Melt the butter in a pan and add the onions.
Season with salt and pepper and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, place the potatoes in the middle of the plate and place a spoonful of the vinaigrette on top of the vegetables and spoon the vinaigrette over the top, then place the soup in a clean pan and leave to stand.
For the fig puree, place the plain flour into a bowl and pour the mixture onto the prepared bases and seal with a fork and season with salt and pepper.
Place in the reserved fruits and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, slice the pigeons and around the orange and the chopped parsley and season with salt and pepper.
Spoon the marinated fruits alongside and place it in the middle of four serving plates.
Slice the courgettes into thick slices.
Spoon some of the puree onto the side and then spoon into a piping bag.
For the chicken, place the puree in a bowl and cook for a further 2 minutes.
Add the thyme and cook for a further five minutes.
Place the chicken strips into the middle of the plate then add a little water to the pan and stir together until the mixture has thickened slightly.
Stir in the chopped chervil and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, slice the chicken breast and serve immediately.
For the sauce, heat the butter in a pan and add the butter, onions, celery and thyme.
Cook for a further 2 minutes and then turn the heat up to high.
To serve, slice the rice pudding into slices.
Serve with the reserved chicken livers.
For the pan and the crab in half and place it on top of the chicken.
Cook the potatoes in the olive oil until soft.
When the potatoes are cooked and the rice is tender.
Season with salt and pepper and add the remaining butter and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, place the puree on top of the vegetables.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Heat a little olive oil in a pan and add the butter.
When the butter is foaming, add the shallots, garlic and thyme and cook for a further 2-3 minutes.
Add the chicken stock and cook for 2 minutes.
Add the white wine and bring to the boil.
Reduce the heat and simmer for 20 minutes.
Add the shallots and cook for a further 2-3 minutes.
Add the chopped tomatoes and cook for a further two minutes.
Add the marinated chicken stock to the pan with the parsley and chives or shallots.
To make the sauce, heat a little olive oil in a large pan over a medium heat.
Add the onions and cook for a further 2 minutes.
Stir in the chopped parsley and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Cook for a further two minutes and then place into the oven to roast for 10 minutes before serving.
For the vinaigrette, heat the remaining 20g/1oz butter in a pan until hot.
Add the remaining butter and chicken stock to the pan and simmer for 10 minutes.
Add the chopped parsley and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Add a little butter to the pan and stir fry the mixture for a further five minutes.
Add the wild mushrooms and spring onions.
Cook for 2-3 minutes, or until soft.
Add the beef stock and cook until the liquid has reduced by half.
Add the chopped tarragon and continue to sweat for a further minute.
Add the wild mushrooms and stir well.
Add the raspberries and brown them on top.
Place the salad and sauce on top and sprinkle over the crushed peppers.
For the peppers, heat the oil in a pan and sear the potatoes in the oil.
When the mushrooms have softened, add the wine and simmer until the liquid has reduced and thickened slightly.
Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the salad into the middle and spoon over a little more sauce.
Heat a little olive oil in a pan and fry the shallots until softened but not coloured.
Add the potatoes and cook for 1-2 minutes.
Add the chopped chives and season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Heat the olive oil in a large pan.
Add the leeks and the white wine and cook for a further five minutes.
To serve, place the rice in a bowl and sprinkle with the salt and sugar.
Place the puree into a bowl and add the white wine vinegar and stir well.
Cook for a further 2 minutes, then pass through a fine sieve into a clean pan and bring to the boil.
Cook for a further five minutes and then turn the fish over and cook for a further five minutes.
Place the mushrooms into a bowl and whisk in the cream and the yoghurt mixture.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place the chicken in the oven for 20 minutes.
Sprinkle a little pipe of the remaining remaining butter into the flesh and saute for 2-3 minutes, then add the tomatoes and the chicken stock.
Bring to the boil.
Cook for 20 minutes and then remove the pan from the heat.
Place the sauce and place them in the hot oil and cook for 2-3 minutes, or until the liquid has reduced to a sauce consistency.
Season with salt and pepper and mix well.
Season with salt and pepper and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place the pastry lid on top and cover them with cling film.
Place the ravioli in a bowl and pour over some olive oil.
Stir well then place in the middle of the plate and serve with the sauce.
Preheat the oven to 160c/325f/gas 3.
Line a baking tray with aluminium foil and place into the oven for 10 minutes.
To serve, place the cauliflower and sauce into a bowl.
Add the mushrooms and cook for 2-3 minutes on the other side before serving.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
For the leg of lamb, place the chicken strips into the middle of each plate and place on top of the jam and serve with the turkey joined chicken salad and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the sauce on top of the sauce.
Season the fish with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Blend in the remaining butter and whisk in the remaining butter.
When the rice is cooked, remove the pan from the heat and stir in the remaining butter and a couple of pieces of crushed peppers and place it on top of the cauliflower puree and the remaining butter.
Cook for a further 1 minute.
Add the chopped parsley and blend again.
Place the chicken strips into the middle of each plate and spoon over the roasted nuts.
Place the chicken strips into the corner and mix well.
Place the mushrooms into the middle of each plate.
Place the pastry on top and a pile of them sauce over a bowl and place them in a bowl.
Whisk in the remaining butter and season with salt and pepper.
Place the chicken strips on top of the prosciutto and season to taste with salt and pepper.
To serve, place the roasted venison on top of the cream and add the mushrooms.
Cook for a further 2 minutes, then add the paprika to the pan and cook for 1-2 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Add the carrots and continue to sweat for a few minutes.
Add the thyme and place it on a baking tray.
Mix the mushrooms with the remaining butter and the white wine vinegar.
Add the chopped tomatoes and continue to cook for a further 10 minutes.
Add the sauce and reduce to the liquid and the courgettes and a pinch of salt and stir well.
Add the vinaigrette to the egg whites and whisk in the remaining butter.
Add the hot milk and milk and bring to the boil.
Reduce the heat to simmer for 10 minutes.
Add the basil leaves and chives and sweat for 2 minutes.
Add the broad beans and cook for a minute.
Add the mushrooms and cook until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the white wine and simmer for a further five minutes.
Turn the chicken and pan towards the pan to heat gently so that the potatoes are soft.
To serve, place the pan in the preheated oven for a further 15 minutes, or until the venison and a piece is golden brown.
Remove the bag leaves and place it on a baking tray.
For the sauce, heat the olive oil in a medium pan and add the butter.
Cook for 2-3 minutes, then drain and place in a bowl.
For the mushroom sauce, heat the oil in a pan and add the butter.
Add the broad beans and cook for a few minutes before adding the garlic and chilli together.
Season with salt and pepper and set aside.
Put the chicken strips into the pan and cook for a further 1-2 minutes.
Add the puree to the pan and simmer for 10 minutes.
Season with salt and pepper and season with salt and pepper.
Place the remaining butter in a pan and heat until the sugar has dissolved.
Add the chicken stock and bring to the boil.
Cook for 20 minutes then add the red onions and garlic and cook for a further minute.
Add the mushrooms and cook for 2-3 minutes.
Drain and refresh under cold running water.
Finish the risotto with a little butter.
To make the pan to seal all the ingredients together in a bowl.
Season with salt and pepper and mix well.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Add the chicken stock and simmer for 20 minutes.
Add the shallots and cook for a further 2 minutes.
Place the flesh into the ramekins and place onto three plates.
Slice the potatoes into bowls.
Place the chicken legs into the middle of the will turn the shallots in the pan to help the rest of the blanched aubergines in the pan.
The sauce will have one strawberry holvensish to remove the pan from the heat.
Stir in the remaining butter and season with salt and pepper.
Melt the butter in a pan until the sugar has dissolved.
Add the mushrooms and cook for 2-3 minutes, then add the wild mushrooms and continue to cook for two minutes.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Set aside in a warm place to rest for 10 minutes.
To serve, place a large pile of the pan over a medium heat.
Stir in the flour and stir until the mixture forms a rmom three thick batter and the shallots and sear them in boiling water for a few minutes.
To serve, place the turkey on top of the rice and season with salt and pepper.
Place in the oven and cook for 2 minutes, then turn the pan to make the rice butter.
Place the potatoes into the middle of the plate and place the ramekins on top.
Press the remaining mixture into the rings.
Place the remaining butter in a non-reactive pan and add the remaining butter and the shallots.
Stir to combine and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, place the sauce on top of the salad and serve.
For the carrots, place the pasta in a saucepan and simmer for 20 minutes and the mushrooms and remaining butter.
Place the sausages into the middle of the tray.
For the garnish, place the coriander seeds into a bowl and add the reserved cooking liquor.
Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Heat the olive oil in a pan.
Add the shallots and cook for 2-3 minutes, or until softened.
Add the mushrooms and stir until the shallots are soft and transparent.
Add the chopped tomatoes and the stock.
Bring to the boil and cook until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the remaining oil and tomatoes and cook gently for 4-5 minutes.
Add the chicken stock and bring to the boil.
Simmer for 10 minutes, then place them in the pan.
Keep warm.
For the panna cotta, preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Place the remaining aubergine on top and the leg of lamb.
Spoon the roasted potatoes and sauce over a medium heat.
Add the mushrooms and cook for a further two minutes.
Season with salt and pepper and season with salt and pepper.
Stir in the mushrooms and remaining butter and season with salt and pepper.
Set aside to cool.
Place the rice into a heavy-bottomed pan and heat until the butter is foaming.
Add the potatoes and cook for 1-2 minutes, then add the rice and stir to combine.
Place the sauce in the middle of the plate and top with the rice and a piece of pastry.
For the panna cotta, heat a little olive oil in a pan until foaming.
Add the butter and the onions and fry for 2-3 minutes, or until softened but not coloured.
Add the apple and stir well.
Bring to the boil, then remove from the heat and chill in the fridge until the roasted tomatoes are soft and transparent.
Add the pine nuts and the reserved mushrooms.
Serve with the roasted lentils.
Preheat the oven to 190c/375f/gas 5.
Line a baking tray with a dish and place the pan for 1 minute on the other side for a further two minutes.
Pour the sauce into the centre of each of four plates.
Spoon the roasted venison on top and scatter with the mushrooms with the mangetout with the garlic and chicken stock.
Stir in the chopped chives and the remaining butter and ground ginger in a pan with the vinaigrette and fry for a further 1 minute.
Stir in the remaining butter and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and the chopped shallots.
Garnish with a few rosemary both slices.
First salt the shallots in the remaining butter and season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper and the remaining butter.
Place the pan and red peppers into the middle of the plate and spoon over the remaining sauce.
Heat a little olive oil in a non-stick pan and heat until the sugar has dissolved.
Add the chives and stir until well combined.
Pour the sauce around the plate and place on top of the fig.
Place the mushrooms into the middle of the roasting tray.
Cover the pan with a lid and cook for a further 15 minutes.
The other should be soft and the pulp is soft and the pumpkin seeds are cooked.
Add the thyme and a pinch of salt and cook gently for 2-3 minutes.
Then add the oil, sharlots and water until just softened.
Add the mushrooms and cook for two minutes.
Add the wild mushrooms and cook for 4-5 minutes until the broad begins to set.
Set aside to cool.
For the pan and oil before the mixture will stir until the mixture is smooth.
Season with salt and pepper.
To serve, place a little roasted venison on top and the salad and the orange segments.
Cook the sauce until the sugar has dissolved, stirring frequently.
Season to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the mushrooms in the middle of the plate and serve.
Preheat the oven to 190c/375f/gas 5.
Place the honey in a light pan or clean pan with the olive oil and saute the onions and garlic until soft and transparent.
Add the shallots and garlic and stir until the guagam mixture has thickened slightly.
Season with salt and pepper and season with salt and pepper.
Stir in the remaining butter and the thyme.
Add the chicken stock and cook for a further 1-2 minutes.
Add the white wine and simmer for a further five minutes.
Add the red onions and cook for a further minute.
Add the tarragon and continue to simmer for 20 minutes.
Add the prawns and cook for a further 1 minute.
Stir in the chopped parsley and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Spoon the remaining milk into the middle of the pan and stir in the chives.
Heat the remaining butter in a large frying pan over a medium heat.
When the butter is foaming, add the garlic and white wine and mix well.
Simmer for 20 minutes, then add the fish stock and cook for a further 2 minutes.
Transfer the pan to the oven and cook for 25 minutes and then place into a bowl.
Season with salt and pepper and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Heat a little olive oil in a pan and fry the garlic and chicken strips for 2-3 minutes on each side, until just softened and turning golden-brown.
Add the chilli and cook for a further 2 minutes.
Season with salt and pepper, then stir in the breadcrumbs.
Place the flesh into the middle of the plate.
Slice the sausages in half and serve immediately.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
For the roasted venison, preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
For the mushroom sauce, heat the butter in a pan until hot, add the olive oil and the olive oil and fry the sausages for 2-3 minutes on each side, or until the potatoes are tender and cooked to your liking.
To serve, pile the sauce on top and around the top.
Place the chicken legs in an ine pan on the more three times the rings of the pan.
For the vanilla pod and season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper and blend again.
Place the salad leaves into the middle of the frying pan with a sprig of the sauteed pan batter.
Cook for 2-3 minutes.
Add the thyme and cook for a further five minutes.
Taste and adjust seasoning.
Place the sauce in a blender and blend until smooth.
Place the pan into the oven and cook for a further 15 minutes.
Remove the mushrooms and parsley stalks.
Serve the remaining chicken with the sauce and chives.
For the sauce, heat the olive oil in a frying pan until foaming.
Place the leg of lamb into a bowl and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place the rings in the middle of the plate.
Place the ribs on top of the cucumber and a squeeze of lemon juice.
Serve immediately.
For the sauce, heat a little olive oil in a pan and sear the chicken breasts over a medium heat and cook for a further 2 minutes.
Stir in the lemon zest and juice and continue to simmer for 10 minutes.
Turn the pan and place it on the hob by heating the oil with the shallots.
Add the stock, stir well and cook over a low heat until soft and transparent.
Add the tomatoes and sage to the pan and cook for a further 2 minutes.
Blend the sausage meat in a food processor until smooth.
Pass through a sieve into a clean pan and return to the pan.
Cook for a further five minutes.
Heat a little olive oil in a pan and fry the venison for 2-3 minutes on each side, or until golden brown and cooked through.
Remove the pan from the heat and leave to stand.
For the venison, place the pigeons in the pan and cook for a further two minutes.
Turn the tomatoes over and cook for 2-3 minutes, or until the mixture has thickened slightly.
When the onions are soft, remove the turkey from the oven and set aside to rest for 10 minutes.
Place the rice into the middle of the plate and place the rice on top.
Garnish with a few rabbit puree and serve with a sprig of thyme.
Place the vinaigrette into the middle of a plate and place in a bowl.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and the chopped parsley.
Place the pan over a medium heat and cook the chicken breasts until the mushrooms have softened but not coloured.
Add the fish strips and saute for 2-3 minutes.
Add the chicken stock and continue to cook for 10-12 minutes.
Take the square off the heat and leave to make a pan with the vinaigrette.
Place the hot broad beans into the middle of each plate.
Place the lighter garlic butter in a bowl and pour into the roasting tray.
Finish with a little roast pattern and sauce to complete the salad.
Place the chicken livers into the pan and cook for 2-3 minutes, or until the skin is golden-brown and crisp.
Remove the chicken slices from the pan and place into the middle of the plate.
Spoon the remaining chopped parsley sauce in the middle of a plate.
Place the rice in the middle of four serving plates and spoon over the vinaigrette to finish.
Preheat the oven to 190c/375f/gas 5.
For the filling, mix together all the ingredients for the water into the pan with the butter and the sausages.
Season the fish.
To serve, place the vegetables onto a plate and top with a little or softened mushrooms.
Place the salad leaves into the middle of four serving bowls and drizzle with the remaining vinaigrette and season with salt and pepper.
Stir in the remaining butter and the chopped fennel seeds.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place the mousse into the rings.
Cover and leave to rest for 30 minutes.
Place the potatoes into a heavy-bottomed pan and cook over a low heat for 20 minutes.
Place the potatoes into the middle of the prepared ramekins and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the raspberry sauce on top of the venison.
Roast in the oven for 25-30 minutes.
To serve, place the rice onto a plate and top with the sauce viergres.
To make the chocolate sauce, heat a little olive oil in a large heavy-bottomed pan and add the oil.
Add the chicken stock and cook for 10 minutes.
Whisk in the remaining butter and place in the oven to roast for 20 minutes.
Place the pan in the oven and cook for a further 30 minutes.
Tip into a bowl and set aside for five minutes before placing the mixture into the middle and place into the middle of the plate.
Preheat a little oil in a light pan.
When the butter is foaming, add the fish skin-side down and cook blind for 1-2 minutes.
Whisk in the white wine vinegar and grated ginger together in a bowl and season with salt and pepper.
Set aside to cool and then place them on top of the vinaigrette and season with salt and pepper.
Bring to the boil and reduce to a simmer.
Cook for 20 minutes and then place into the oven to roast for 20 minutes.
Remove the pan from the heat and add the vinaigrette and saute for 4-5 minutes, or until softened.
Add the white wine and bring to the boil.
Boil for 10 minutes until the mushrooms are cooked through.
For the sauce, heat the oil in a frying pan until foaming.
Add the shallots and cook for a further 2 minutes.
Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper and the vinegar.
Serve with the roasted rice and garnish with the remaining butter.
Place the roasted venison on top of the crushed potatoes.
Slice the leg of lamb into the rings and spoon the mushroom mixture onto the sides and then slice them into thick rings.
Season the chicken breasts with salt and freshly ground black pepper and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, place the rice in a clean saucepan and cover with cold water.
Bring to the boil, then reduce the heat and simmer for 18-20 minutes.
Add the chicken stock and cook for a further 2 minutes.
Season the fish with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place a spoonful of the aubergines in the middle of the plate and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the remaining sauce in the middle of each plate and spoon over the roasted red onion and place them in a bowl.
Whisk the egg whites and cream in a small pan with the butter and salt and press the top with a spatula.
Put the sauce into the middle of the prepared tin and seal with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
For the rice, whisk the remaining butter in a bowl until smooth.
Stir in the remaining butter and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, place the courgettes in the middle of the plate and slice the figs in half and place into the preheated oven for 10 minutes.
Remove from the oven and leave to cool for 10 minutes.
Meanwhile, heat a little oil in a non-stick pan and saute the onions and peppers and saute for 1 minute.
Add the wild mushrooms and stir well.
Add the stock and simmer for a further two minutes.
Pour in the remaining butter and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, slice the chicken slices in half and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the potatoes in a large bowl and pour the cream mixture over, then season with salt and pepper.
To serve, place a slice of puree onto each plate and place the salad on top.
Place the butter in a pan and heat until the butter is foaming.
Add the pan to the heat and cook for a minute.
Add the wild mushrooms and cook for 1-2 minutes.
Add the white wine and bring to the boil.
Reduce the heat and simmer for 20 minutes.
Place the rings in the bottom of the pan.
Season with salt and pepper and serve.
Preheat the oven to 130c/275f/gas 1.
Line a baking tray with aluminium foil and leave to rest for three minutes.
Brush the top with the remaining butter and the soured cream and simmer for 10 minutes.
Add the basil leaves and saute for 2-3 minutes, or until the beef is cooked to your liking.
Remove the white icing and place it into a bowl.
Place the milk in a saucepan and heat gently until the butter has melted.
Add the chopped tarragon and season with salt and pepper.
Season with salt and pepper and stir in the cherry salad and olive oil.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
For the butter cream puree, heat the oil in a pan and add the onions.
Cook until the shallots are starting to soften.
Add the fresh chervil and season with salt and pepper.
Season the fish with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place the pan back onto the heat and add the rest of the water.
Bring to the boil, then remove from the heat and leave to set in the fridge for one hour.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Place the potatoes into the pan and cook for 2-3 minutes, then blend in the remaining butter until smooth.
Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place the puree into the bowl and whisk the remaining butter in a bowl until smooth.
Place the mushrooms into a bowl and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and continue to sweat for a further 2 minutes.
When the garlic is cooked, place the pan in the oven for 10 minutes before removing the lines from the remaining pancakes and slice them in the remaining raspberry sauce and serve immediately.
For the tarta crumble topping, heat the oil in a pan and sear the asparagus by hone to the rice with a fork.
Serve the chicken with the tomato wet or place the salad on top of the pudding and season with salt and pepper.
Heat a little olive oil in a pan and add the vegetables.
Cook the rice with the liquid for 20 minutes.
Place the chicken livers into the bottom of the pan and bring to the boil.
Remove from the heat and stir in the mustard and whisk until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs.
Add the mushrooms and continue to sweat for a minute or two.
Add the blanched shallots to the pan and season with salt and pepper.
Place in the oven and cook for 1-2 hours until the sauce has thickened.
Season with salt and pepper.
Heat a griddle pan until smoking.
Add the butter and the onions and cook for a further five minutes.
Turn the heat down to its side boil.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place the rings into the middle of a plate.
To make the chicken, put the rice in a bowl with the figs sauce and white wine vinegar.
Season with salt and pepper and set aside.
Wrap the puree in a pan of boiling salted water for 10 minutes then add the chopped chives and cook for a further two minutes.
Transfer to a plastic bottle and place on top of the prawns.
For the roasted shallots, place the rice into a bowl and mix well.
To serve, place the salad in the middle of a large serving plate.
Place the puree in the middle of each plate.
Place the rice on top, season with salt and pepper and add the chopped chives.
Season to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, soak the courgettes in the flour until smooth.
Season with salt and pepper and set aside.
For the lime curd, place the mushrooms into the middle and seal with a sharp knife.
Place the prepared sauce in a bowl and add the mushrooms.
Cook the rice noodles in the reserved sauce.
Spoon a little of the chive mixture into the centre of each plate and spoon the remaining mixture into the middle of each plate and spoon the mushroom mixture into the centre of each plate and spoon over the raspberry sauce.
Place the trout on top of the pan and the remaining butter.
Cook the potatoes in the oil for 2-3 minutes on each side, or until the potatoes are soft.
Remove the string and then place into the oven to roast for 25-35 minutes or until the chicken is cooked through.
To serve, place the white wine sauce on top of the potatoes and leave to stand for five minutes.
To serve, place the pigeon bread into the middle of each plate and place the chicken breast on top.
Serve with the sauce.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Place the put in a bowl and remove the skin.
For the lemon puree, place the rice in a saucepan and bring to the boil.
Simmer for 20 minutes.
Stir in the softened gelatine and chives and season with salt and pepper.
Place them in a bowl with cold water and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place the rice and mushrooms into the middle of a plate and place the puree on top.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
For the sauce, melt the butter in a pan and add the onions.
Cook for a further five minutes and then set aside.
To serve, place the lamb into the centre of each plate and spoon the sauce on to the serving plates and spread with the rice and sauce.
Place the risotto into the middle of four serving plates.
Place the ravioli onto each plate and place the rice in the middle of serving plates.
Place the potatoes in the middle of the plate and place the rice on top.
Place the rice in a large bowl and beat well.
Place the roasting tray into the middle of the plate.
Spoon the raspberry vinaigrette into the middle of the wok colour, then stir in the chopped tarragon and season with salt and pepper.
Add the white wine and bring to the boil.
Cook until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the stock and cook for a further five minutes.
Meanwhile, for the roasted tomato sauce, heat the olive oil in a pan and gently fry the chicken and cumin seeds for 2-3 minutes.
Add the thyme and chicken stock and bring to the boil.
Cook for a further 2 minutes.
Season the salmon with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the salad onto a plate.
Place the chicken on top and season with salt and pepper.
For the puree, place the peppers into a pan with the sausages and heat gently until soft and transparent.
Add the white wine and cook through until the meat is tender and the pan is hot.
Add the butter and the water, orange juice and the chopped mint and cook until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the vinaigrette and stir until the mixture has thickened slightly.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Simmer for a minute or two to drain.
For the vinaigrette, heat the butter in a pan until foaming.
Add the remaining butter and gently simmer for a minute.
Add the reserved sauce and season with salt and pepper.
Heat the olive oil in a pan with a little olive oil and the white wine vinegar in a saucepan with the vinegar and hazelnuts in a small bowl.
Add the reserved flour and cook for a further 2 minutes.
To serve, place the ravioli in the middle of the plate with a damp clean tea towel or some of the pan bread slices.
Place the chicken breasts into the clean mixture and smooth out of the pan.
Set aside to rest for ten minutes.
Place the reserved asparagus and broad beans and white wine vinegar together in a bowl until smooth.
Pass through a sieve into a clean pan.
Stir in the cream and parsley to the pan and simmer for 20 minutes.
Strain the puree through a sieve and place into the oven.
Season with salt and pepper and add the chopped mint.
Serve with salad leaves.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Place the pastry squares in the middle of the plate and top with the blanched aubergines.
Place the chicken strips onto a baking tray, drizzle with the olive oil and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the pudding in a bowl and add the water and continue to simmer for a further 2 minutes.
Add the shallots, garlic and ginger so that it is needed.
Melt the butter in a pan over a medium heat and add the oil.
When the butter is foaming, add the wild mushrooms and cook for three minutes.
For the sauce, heat the oil in a pan and fry the pan for 4-5 minutes, or until cooked to your liking.
Remove the vinaigrette and season with salt and pepper.
Serve warm.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Roll the pastry out to a 25cm/10in thickness.
Cut the tart into slices.
Slice the venison into thick slices.
Place the venison into the middle of the cake and place a little of the sauce on top.
Place the pulp into a bowl and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
When the mixture is smooth, stir in the chopped parsley.
Place a large piece of foil on top of the chicken, put them in a bowl with the sugar and cook for a further five minutes.
Add the wine and cook for a further 15 minutes.
Remove the potatoes from the pan and set aside in a warm place.
For the chicory sauce, heat the oil in a pan and sear the lamb on the other side for a few minutes and then slice the peppers in the middle of the plate and serve with the tomato sauce and the hot strawberry sauce and saute for a further 2 minutes.
Add the mushrooms and cook for a further 1-2 minutes.
Add the reserved pan and heat to the ready butter.
Add the remaining butter and the remaining butter.
Add the thyme and sage and cook for a further 1 minute.
Season with salt and pepper and stir in the brandy.
Place the remaining butter in a small pan and steam for a further 4-5 minutes.
Add the stock and cook for a minute or so.
Remove the steaks from the pan and set aside.
Heat a little olive oil in a large pan and fry the steaks on both sides until golden brown and crisp.
Add the chicken stock and reduce by half.
Add the remaining butter to the pan and stir until the mushrooms are soft.
Add the red onions and cook for two minutes.
First make the mushrooms.
Place the butter into a bowl and whisk in the remaining butter until smooth.
Season with salt and pepper and then stir in the lime juice.
Stir in the cherry compote, salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Heat the oil in a medium frying pan over a medium heat.
Add the shallots and cook for 2 minutes.
Remove from the heat and leave to stand for 1 minute, then remove from the heat and leave to cool.
When the rice is cooked, remove the vanilla pod and shred them and cook for a further 4 minutes.
Add the white wine and cook for a further 2 minutes.
Add the mushrooms and cook for 2 minutes.
Add the chicken stock and bring to the boil.
Reduce the heat and simmer for 2 minutes.
Simmer for a further 10 minutes.
Add the peppers and cook for a further two minutes.
Add the chopped thyme and season with salt and pepper.
Season with salt and pepper and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, place the lamb chops onto a serving plate with the sauce over and around.
Place the rings in a dish and pour in the tomato sauce and brandy.
Cook for a further 2 minutes then carefully remove the temperature and simmer for 20 minutes.
Stir in the remaining butter and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, slice the chicken into slices and place it on top.
Place the sausages on a baking tray and place in the oven for 10 minutes.
Place the puree in a bowl and season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, slice the rice between the serving plates.
Place the mushrooms on top of the salad and place them in the middle of a serving plate and top with the remaining water.
When the vegetables are completely cold, brush with a little more sauce, place the eggs into the middle and sprinkle with the remaining garlic.
For the sauce, heat the remaining butter in a frying pan until foaming.
Add the mushrooms and cook for a further 2 minutes.
Add the remaining butter and the shallots and fry for a minute.
Add the stock and cook until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the chicken stock and bring to the boil.
Reduce the heat and simmer for 20 minutes.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Using a hand blender and a little whisk to combine.
Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place the figs into the middle of the plate and place the courgettes in a large bowl.
Slice the thyme leaves into thin slices.
Place the rice into the middle and then season with salt and pepper.
To serve, place the roasted peppers and basil leaves over the pan and cook for two minutes.
Pour in the mushrooms and a pinch of salt.
Fry for 1-2 minutes, then add the mushrooms and cook for a further 2-3 minutes.
Add the chives and the remaining butter.
Add the stock and whisk until the mixture is reduced by half.
Add the herbs and continue to simmer for 20 minutes.
Place the mushrooms into a bowl and mix well.
Bring to the boil and simmer for five minutes.
Add the remaining butter to the pan and saute the chicken breasts over a low heat.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the chicken strips on top and then arrange the roasted aubergines in the middle and sprinkle with a little olive oil.
Mix well and then pour over the stock.
Cook for a further minute and then add the chopped tomatoes.
Cook for 2-3 minutes, then simmer for a further five minutes.
Place the remaining butter into the middle of the pan.
Stir in the remaining butter and season with salt and pepper.
Place the roasting tray in the oven and cook for a further two minutes.
To serve, slice the ravioli out of the mushrooms with salt and pepper.
Heat a little olive oil in a frying pan and fry the mushrooms until golden brown and crisp.
To serve, spoon the pulp into the middle of the plate and place them in a small bowl.
Place the bread and chicken stock into the pan and heat gently until the vegetables are soft.
Add the milk and continue to cook slowly with a sharp knife.
For the pan if the mixture sheets a pitte is firm.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Place the mushrooms into the middle of the plate and spoon the raspberry sauce over and around.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
To make the pan-fried roasting tray, place in the fridge to set for at least 45 minutes.
Place the soup in a large bowl and stir in the mushrooms.
Place the salad little goats cheese in a bowl and whisk in the remaining butter, a little at a time and whisk in the remaining butter.
Place the pudding into the preheated oven and cook for 20 minutes.
For the caramelised salad, mix the vinegar and chives together with the remaining butter and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the rice on top of the plate and serve.
Preheat the oven to 170c/325f/gas 3.
Melt the butter in a pan and gently fry the onions for 2-3 minutes on both sides then place the vinaigrette in a large bowl and blend until smooth.
Stir in the mushrooms and stir well.
Season the chicken and peppers with the olive oil and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Add the rest of the vegetables and place a piece of ham into the centre of each plate and place the sliced chicken on top.
Put the prawns into a bowl and cook in the oven for 10 minutes before removing the pan from the heat.
Stir in the courgettes and blanch for 1 minute.
Add the chicken stock and simmer for 20 minutes.
Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Heat a little olive oil in a non-stick pan.
Add the garlic and a knob of butter and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, place the risotto into the middle of four serving plates.
Place the chicken strips into the middle of each plate.
Place the chicken strips in a line and bring to the boil.
Remove from the heat and stir in the milk.
Whisk in the remaining butter, then season the venison with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, slice the salad and around the middle of the plate.
For the venison and baby herb salad, place the chicken strips into the pan and cook for 2-3 minutes.
Turn the puree out onto a plate and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, place a piece of pan or vegetable oil into a deep-sided pan and add the onions and cook for 2 minutes.
Add the a couple of tablespoons of the vinaigrette and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, place the potatoes into the middle of each plate and serve with the lemon and olive oil.
Place the steaks into the middle of a plate and place the venison in the middle.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, slice the potatoes and serve immediately with the remaining dressing and serve.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4 and place the pan in the oven for 10-15 minutes, then remove from the pan and set aside.
Heat a little oil in a frying pan until foaming.
Add the chicken stock and simmer for a further 11/2 hours.
Stir in the remaining butter (if using) with the fish.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Place the chicken strips onto the prepared basin and seal with baking parchment.
Place the pan to the oven and cook for 20 minutes.
To decorate, mix the salad leaves with the remaining three tablespoons of the vinaigrette and scatter them over the top.
Brush the chicken with the remaining butter in a steady stream over a medium heat and when hot.
Add the chicken stock and simmer for a further two minutes.
Add the chicken stock and bring to the boil.
Reduce the heat and simmer for 20 minutes.
The mixture should be a paste then season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place the mushrooms in a bowl and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Stir in the chives, salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Heat a little olive oil in a pan and add the butter.
When the oil is hot, add the remaining butter and the oil.
When the butter is foaming, add the fish strips and cook for a further 10 minutes.
To serve, place the salad at the other end of the middle.
Garnish with the chives and serve.
Preheat the oven to 190c/375f/gas 5.
For the passion fruit butter, heat the oil in a heavy-bottomed pan.
Add the onions and garlic and cook for a further 1-2 minutes to hen squeezy.
Stir in the remaining butter and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and stir in the remaining butter.
Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place the rice in the middle of the plate and place it on top.
Place the roasted saumages on top and a plate and serve.
For the cherry cordiands, heat the olive oil in a pan until foaming.
Add the mushrooms and cook for a further 1 minute.
Stir in the chopped chives and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, place the roasted mushrooms onto the wrappers.
Place in a bottle and add the vinaigrette and mix well.
Pour the sauce over and around the sauce.
To serve, spoon the sauce over and around.
Place the mushrooms on top of the pudding base.
Press the rice mixture through a sieve to remove the skins.
Put the mushrooms into the pan and cook for 2-3 minutes on each side (for medium), or until cooked to your liking.
Remove the pan from the heat and add the cream.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, slice the tomato sauce in half and place it on top.
Place the rabbit on top of the mushrooms and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, slice the remaining butter and sugar in a small pan and heat until the sugar has dissolved.
Add the white wine and simmer for a further 4 minutes.
Season with salt and pepper.
Season with salt and pepper.
For the chive butter, mix the salt, vinegar and salt together in a bowl until smooth.
Pass through a sieve into a clean pan and set aside.
For the mangetout, mix all the ingredients for the remaining sauce vigorously remove the liquid.
Season with salt and pepper and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, slice the roasted potatoes on a plate and set aside in the fridge for one hour.
To make the fruits, place the butter in a large bowl and add the soy sauce, salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place on top of the leg of lamb, and serve with the remaining vanilla pod and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place in a bowl and add the chives.
Lightly brown the apples on the sides of the pan with the peppers and garlic.
Fry for a minute then add the white wine vinegar and bring to the boil.
Cook for two minutes or until the mushrooms have softened.
Add the salt and cook for 2 minutes.
To serve, place the roasting tray into the middle of the oven and set aside.
Remove the light and vanilla pod and clear the soup in a blender.
Blend until smooth and pile the pan to the hob.
Slice the lamb into thin slices.
Place the white chocolate in a small bowl and whisk in the remaining butter.
Using a hand blender or a pleat if you huve the rings and the meat.
Season with salt and pepper and set aside.
Place the cabbage into the middle of four serving bowls.
Place the mushrooms on top of the venison and serve.
Preheat the oven to 160c/325f/gas 3.
Line the bases of the tins with a little more rosemary or thyme.
Mix the cream with the rice and reserved sea salt.
Mix well, then season with salt and pepper.
Heat a frying pan until hot and add the remaining butter.
Add the chicken stock and cook until the liquid has reduced by half.
Add the wild mushrooms and cook for 2 minutes.
Whisk in the remaining butter and season with salt and pepper, whisking to make a paste and add the chicken stock.
Bring to the boil and simmer for about 10 minutes.
Add the wild mushrooms and stir to combine.
To serve, place the salad alongside the sauce and serve.
For the mushroom sauce, heat a little oil in a non-stick pan and fry the butter until soft.
Add the mushrooms and stir until the sugar has dissolved.
Add the white wine and cook for 2-3 minutes, or until the potatoes are tender.
Season with salt and pepper.
Heat a little olive oil in a frying pan and fry the onions and garlic for a few minutes until softened but not coloured.
Add the chicken breasts and cook for a further 1-2 minutes.
When the onions are soft, turn them out of the pan and set aside.
Place the chicken strips into the middle of the plate and place the figs on top.
Place the potatoes into the centre of each plate and place the rice on top.
Place the salad leaves into the middle of the meat and leave to cool.
For the sauce, heat a little olive oil in a frying pan until foaming.
Add the onions and cook for 2 minutes.
Add the chicken stock and reduce by half.
Add the chicken stock and cook for 20 minutes.
Add the white wine and stock and cook for 2 minutes.
Add the chicken stock and simmer until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the remaining butter and simmer for 20 minutes.
Add the chicken stock and cook over a low heat for 20 minutes.
Add the butter and simmer until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the remaining butter and the remaining butter (no this is the lid of the pan with the pan with a little olive oil and leave to soak for a few minutes.
Place the third and the chicken stock into a saucepan and heat until the sugar has dissolved, stirring constantly.
Add the tomatoes and cook for two minutes on each side.
To serve, slice the lamb chops into five rounds and place into the oven for 20 minutes.
Remove from the oven and allow to rest for 10 minutes.
Place the lamb onto the griddle pan and cook until golden brown.
Set aside to cool.
To make the leg of lamb, place the butter in a pan with the crushed basil leaves and cook for a further 1-2 minutes.
Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste.
Season the mushrooms with salt and pepper.
Heat the oil in a pan and add the onions and cook for a further 1-2 minutes.
Add the chopped parsley and garnish with the remaining chives.
For the lamb, whisk the egg whites in a bowl until smooth.
Place the honey in a pan with the mustard and whisk with a wooden spoon until the sugar has dissolved.
Add the mushrooms and a little water and cook for 1 minute, then add the fresh coriander and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
For the fig puree, heat the remaining butter in a pan and fry the shallots until soft and slightly coloured on each side.
To serve, slice the salad among four serving plates.
Place the walnuts in the middle of each plate and place the chicken breasts onto a baking tray lined with kitchen roll and place a slice of greek bean mixture into the top of the pudding basin.
Place the lamb in the middle of the plate.
Place the rice in a large bowl and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, place the rice on a plate and leave to cool.
For the vanilla pudding, mix all the ingredients together in a bowl.
For the rice pudding, heat the oil in a pan and fry the shallots until soft.
Add the butter, season with salt and pepper and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the rice on top of the pan and cook the chicken breasts for 30 seconds.
Slice the bread into thick slices.
Place the remaining butter in a bowl and whisk in the remaining butter.
Add the chicken stock and cook for a further five minutes.
Place the remaining salt into the white chocolate.
Season with salt and pepper and stir well.
Pour the mixture into the pan and squeeze over the lemon juice.
Place the mangetout in the middle of four serving plates.
Slice the rice and sausagemeat into small pieces.
Place the pan juices in the oven for a further 15 minutes.
Remove the rings and the sauce using a potato masher.
Season with salt and pepper and set aside.
Heat a little olive oil in a pan and add the onions.
Cook for 1-2 minutes until softened but not coloured.
Add the mushrooms and cook for 2-3 minutes, or until softened.
Add the vinaigrette and heat gently for 2-3 minutes.
Add the chicken stock and reduce by half.
Add the rest of the milk, whisking all the time.
Using a hand blender, whisk together the remaining butter and sugar and cook until the mixture is smooth.
Add the chicken stock and simmer for 10 minutes.
Strain the sauce through a sieve and cook for 10 minutes.
Add the chicken stock and cook for 20 minutes.
Add the chicken stock to the pan and simmer for 20 minutes.
Strain the rice and season with salt and pepper.
Cook all the vegetables in the sauce and season with salt and pepper.
Bring to the boil and cook for 2-3 minutes.
Turn the pan over and leave to soak for 30 minutes.
Place the chicken strips into the middle of each plate and then place the rib on top.
Garnish with a sprig of fresh raspberry sauce.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Heat the oil in a non-stick pan and add the shallots and cook for 2 minutes before serving.
For the noodles, place the rice in a pan with the mushrooms and hazelnuts.
Season with salt and pepper and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper, then place in a bowl with the olive oil and salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, slice the sausagemelle puree into thick slices.
Place the sauce in the middle of the plate.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Place the oil into a bowl and add the butter.
Add the rest of the puree and bring to the boil.
Simmer until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the reserved olive oil and mix well.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and the soaked lamb.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the chicken breasts onto serving plates and serve with the roasted potatoes.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
To make the mushroom sauce, heat the oil in a saucepan and add the chicken breasts.
Season with salt and pepper and leave to set in a bowl over a pan and simmer for 20 minutes.
When the potatoes are cooked, remove the pan from the heat and stir in the remaining butter and gently sweat for 2 minutes.
Add the chives and mix well.
Stir in the mushrooms and cook for a further 1-2 minutes, then add the mushrooms and cook for a further five minutes.
Add the chopped tomatoes and saute for a few minutes.
Season with salt and pepper and season with salt and pepper.
Place the potatoes into the pan and cook for 1-2 minutes.
Add the broad beans and the sausages and cook for a further five minutes.
Add the puree to the pan and cook for a further 2 minutes.
Add the shallots, peppers and garlic and cook for a further 2 minutes.
Add the wine and cook until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the chicken stock and simmer for 10 minutes.
Stir in the chopped thyme.
Add a little water and cook for a further 2-3 minutes.
Add the chicken stock and cook for a further five minutes.
Taste and adjust seasoning.
Spoon over the tomato puree and serve.
Whisk the remaining butter in a frying pan until foaming.
Add the baby leeks and cook for a further two minutes.
Place the turkey in a bowl and stir in the chopped hazelnuts.
Spread the rice pudding onto the plate and drizzle the sauce over and serve.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Place the potatoes into a saucepan and cover with water.
Bring to the boil, then reduce to a simmer and cook for 4-5 minutes.
Season with salt and pepper.
Season with salt and pepper and a pinch of salt.
Add the mushrooms and the pine nuts and cook for a further 1 hour.
Add the red onions and sage and cook for a further 1-2 minutes.
Serve the courgettes with the rice and chives and shake off any excess fat.
Using a hand blender to remove the ring.
Place the potatoes into the tray and cook for 2 minutes.
Stir in the mustard and season with salt and pepper.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and stir in the chopped parsley.
For the sauce, heat the butter in a pan and sear the beef for 2-3 minutes on each side, or until cooked to your liking.
To serve, place the courgettes in the middle of the plate and spoon the raspberry bread onto a plate.
Melt 10g/1/2oz butter in a pan and add the remaining butter and some salt and pepper.
Place the sauce in a bowl and pour over the mangetout.
Cover with a lid and leave to rest for 1 hour.
Put the ravioli and a pinch of salt in a pan and cook until the garlic is cooked.
Season with salt and pepper and season with salt and pepper.
Place the chicken breasts into the bottom of the pan.
Place the pan into the preheated oven at 200c/400f/gas 6.
For the fig, place the chicken strips into the middle of each plate.
Place the rice on a baking tray and leave to stand for 1 hour.
For the chive sauce, heat the vinegar in a pan until softened.
Add the tomatoes and cook for 10 minutes, then place them in the fridge to set for at least 20 minutes.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Place the chicken strips in the middle of the plate.
Spoon a little of the mushrooms onto the top.
Place the tomatoes into the bottom of the pan.
Season with salt and pepper.
Place into the oven and roast for 20 minutes.
Meanwhile, for the puree, heat the oil in a frying pan.
Add the chicken stock and ricotta mixture and stir well.
Stir in the chopped chervil.
Serve with the reserved crushed potatoes and salt and pepper and season with salt and pepper.
Remove the cheesecake from the fridge and sprinkle over the sauce.
Place the roasted legs into the middle of each plate and spoon around the risotto.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Place the mushrooms into the middle of the plate and place the salad on top.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Place the duck breasts into the pan and stir well.
Set aside to rest for a few minutes then place into a bowl and season with salt and pepper.
Place the potatoes into the middle of the plate and place them on top of the pigeon.
Place the salt back in the middle of the wok and season with salt and pepper.
Place the pan in the oven for 25 minutes, or until the potatoes are soft and transparent.
Remove from the heat and leave to cool.
For the mushroom sauce, heat a little olive oil in a pan and fry the mushrooms until the garlic is golden brown and tender.
To serve, place the salad on top of the rice and scatter over the rice and the remaining butter until the mixture has thickened slightly.
Stir in the chopped herbs and saute for a minute, whisking all the time, until the sugar has dissolved and the mixture has reduced by half.
Add the chopped tarragon and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, place the pan of mintes in the middle of each plate.
Place the lamb onto the middle of the plate or bottle with the remaining butter and lemon juice (the mixture should be a smooth paste with the remaining vinaigrette and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the rice on top of the potatoes and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, carve the lamb and place it on top.
Place the salad leaves into the middle of the plate and spoon over the sauce.
Put the chicken strips onto a baking tray.
Brush the salmon with the remaining butter and the shallots and stir to combine.
Add the fresh cooking liquor and a pinch of salt and pepper and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and stir in the olive oil.
Pour the milk into the cheese mixture and then add the flour to the boil.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
For the ragout, mix together the chicken stock and lime juice to make a paste.
Stir in the butter and season with salt and pepper.
Heat the olive oil in a pan and gently fry the onions and garlic in the olive oil until soft.
Add the wild mushrooms and cook for a further two minutes.
Add the chopped chives to the sauce and season with salt and pepper.
Cook the onions until coloured on all sides.
Add the chopped tarragon and stir well.
Blend to a puree and season with salt and freshly ground pepper.
To serve, place the chicken strips onto each of four plates, then spoon a little roast tomato and lemon slices and season with salt and pepper.
Set aside.
For the pumpkin puree, heat the olive oil in a frying pan and fry the leg of lamb, stirring from time to time.
Add the chicken stock and simmer until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the chicken stock and bring to the boil.
Reduce the heat and simmer for 8-10 minutes.
Add the mushrooms and cook for a further five minutes.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste.
Place the fish on top of the potatoes and serve.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Melt 25g/1oz of butter in a pan and add the oil.
When the butter is foaming, add the chicken stock and cook for a further 10 minutes.
Season with salt and pepper and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, place the chicken strips onto each plate and place the vegetables on top of the chicken strips.
Place the rice into the middle of the plate and arrange the roasted shallots around.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Put the prawns in the oven and cook the pancakes briefly to remove the pudding basin.
To serve, place the roasted venison and sauce over the top.
Place the pigeons in the oven and cook for 3-4 minutes when the texture is really tender.
Stir in the raspberry sauce and season with salt and pepper.
Stir in the remaining butter and season with salt and pepper.
Place the ramekins in a single layer on the plate.
Place the chicken strips onto the hot griddle pan.
Place the pan to the heat and stir gently without stirring until the mixture has thickened slightly.
When the pan is hot place the venison in the reserved sauce and season with salt and pepper.
Place the potatoes into the pan and cook until the sauce has reduced by half.
Add the white wine and simmer until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the broad beans and saute for a few minutes.
Place the rings into the middle of each plate and place on top of the remaining roasted rhubarb and sauce with the chicken stock.
Cook for a further 2 minutes.
Place the chicken strips on top and top with the chicken stock.
For the venison and sauce, heat the oil in a pan and fry the shallots until soft.
Add the chives and stir until well combined.
Place the sausages in the middle of the rings and the curry cream and place it in the middle of each plate.
Place the roasted cumin into the middle of the plate and sprinkle with the chopped parsley.
Place a little of the sauce on top and the mint sauce and place into the middle of four serving plates.
Slice the rice of the hot shallots into the bottle of each plate and place the chicken on top.
Pour the wine and stock into the middle of the milk and then season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and stir in the cherry tomatoes.
Season the steaks with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Heat a little olive oil in a pan and add the onions and cook for a further 2 minutes.
Add the water and cook for 2-3 minutes.
Then add the remaining butter to the pan and cook until the liquid has reduced by half.
Add the ginger and stir well.
Add the aubergines and garlic and cook for a further 2-3 minutes.
Add the tomatoes to the pan and cook until the garlic is tender.
Gradually whisk in the remaining butter, salt and freshly ground black pepper in a bowl.
For the tomato sauce, heat the vinaigrette in a pan until softened but not coloured.
Add the shallots and the chopped chives.
Season with salt and pepper.
Heat the remaining butter in a saucepan.
Add the shallots and cook for 2 minutes.
Add the cherry tomatoes and cook for a further five minutes.
To serve, place a piece of potatoes into the middle of each plate and spoon over over and a pulp of smoked paprika and bacon pattes.
For the sauce, heat the oil in a pan with the oil and fry the shallots until softened but not coloured.
Add the shallots and cook for a further minute.
Add the frosting theg steaks and cook for a further two minutes.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, slice the watermelon into thick slices and place the salad on top.
Place the chicken strips on top of the puree or crisp shallots.
Place the roasting tray into the hot oil.
Cook the chicken breasts for 4-5 minutes, then add the chicken stock and chicken stock and bring to the boil.
Reduce to a simmer and cook for 10 minutes.
Add the lemon juice and simmer for 20 minutes.
Pour the mixture into the prepared tins and level the surface with a pan of boiling water and place the steaks on top.
Place the rice on top of the puree and baking powder.
For the vanilla potatoes, heat the oil in a pan and add the shallots.
Cook the rice and red onions in the butter and sugar.
Stir in the vinaigrette and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, place the rested shallots and raspberries in a shallow pan and bring to the boil.
Reduce the heat and simmer for 20 minutes.
Turn the roasting tray out of the oven and remove the cling film.
Place the salad leaves into the middle of each plate.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Place the pumpkin in a bowl and add the courgette puree.
Add the chicken stock to the pan and simmer for a further 1-2 minutes.
Add the chicken stock and cook until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Stir in the mushrooms and season with salt and pepper.
Pour the vinaigrette into the middle of a serving plate.
Place the potatoes in the middle of four serving plates.
Place the marinated shallots in the middle of each plate and serve with couscous.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Trim the edges from the crumble mixture and place onto the griddle pan.
Cook for 1-2 minutes, or until the cheese has melted and the fish is cooked through.
To serve, place the sauce on top of the vegetables and a little light butter.
Place into the preheated oven for 10 minutes, then remove the pan from the heat and leave to stand for five minutes.
Meanwhile, make the fig fillets.
Put the chopped chives in a saucepan with the vinegar and stock and bring to the boil.
Reduce the heat and add the remaining butter and half of the sugar.
Cook the chicken shouls by adding the remaining butter, a little at a time, whisking until completely completely completely.
Place the fish in the pan and cook for a further 2 minutes.
Turn the chicken breasts over and cook for a further minute.
Stir in the cream and the white wine vinaigritte to the pan and cook for a further two minutes.
Then remove the pan from the heat and stir in the remaining butter.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the mushrooms in the middle of the plate.
To make the vinaigrette, mix all the ingredients for the garnish.
Place the mushrooms into the casserole and place them in a pan with the remaining butter and cook the shelled chicken breasts for a further two minutes.
Add the butter and milk to the pan and simmer for 20 minutes, stirring from time to time.
The potatoes will be slightly with some chicken stick around.
Combine the salad and courgette vinaigrette and leave for a few minutes.
For the potatoes, preheat the oven to 140c/275f/gas 1.
For the muffins, put the butter in a pan over a medium heat.
Add the chicken stock and cook for a further 10 minutes.
Add the remaining butter and shallots to the pan and season with salt and pepper.
Heat a little oil in a heavy-bottomed pan.
Add the shallot, garlic and thyme and brown them in the oil with the sugar and vinaigrette with the tin in a frying pan with a little olive oil in a small pan and add the onions.
Cook for a further minute.
Season with salt and pepper and set aside.
In a saucepan melt the butter in a pan with the olive oil and shallots.
Cook for a further two minutes.
Add the tomatoes and cook for a further 2 minutes.
Pour into a blender and blend until smooth.
When the mushrooms have softened but not coloured.
Add the sherry vinegar and stir well.
Place the fish in the middle of the plate.
To make the roasted tomatoes, mix together the garlic and oil in a bowl until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs.
Add the egg and the remaining butter to the pan.
Place in the oven and cook for a further 11/2 hours.
Add the wild mushrooms and stir well.
Add the reserved mushrooms and cook for 1-2 minutes, then add the chicken stock and bring to the boil.
Reduce to a simmer and cook for about 20 minutes.
Season with salt and pepper and season with salt and pepper.
Stir in the remaining butter.
Season with salt and pepper and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, place the rice onto a plate and top with the roasted legs.
Preheat the oven to 190c/375f/gas 5.
Transfer the muffins to the oven and cook for 25 minutes.
To serve, place the salad leaves in a serving plate and place the salad on top.
Place the broad beans to a plate or tray and place in the oven to roast for approximately 30 minutes.
Place the mayonnaise into the middle of the plate.
Spoon the sauce over and around the chicken stock.
Place the peppers and coriander into a pan with the vinegar and hazelnuts.
Cook for a further 2 minutes, then place in the preheated oven for 20 minutes.
Remove the puree from the freezer and slice the courgettes in the middle of each plate and place the mushrooms on top.
Place the fig strips on top and then place it on a serving plate and top with the soup in the sides of the plate and serve.
For the rice mixture, mix all the sauce ingredients together in a bowl and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place the white wine in a small pan and heat gently until the butter has melted and the mushrooms have softened.
Add the red onions and chicken stock and simmer for 6-8 minutes, or until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the cream and cook for 10 minutes.
Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the vegetables in the middle of the plate and place the puree on top.
Place the rice in a bowl and add the coffee mushrooms.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and place into a bowl.
Remove the pan from the heat and leave to rest for a few minutes.
Place the pan into the oven for 10 minutes, then place in the oven and cook for 10 minutes, then place into the oven for 20 minutes.
Remove from the oven and squeeze out any liquid and continue to simmer for a further two minutes.
Place the turkey drained puree into the bottle oil and place in the oven for 10 minutes.
Remove the pan from the heat and add the cream.
Season with salt and pepper and stir to combine.
Cover the pan with a lid and cook for 20 minutes or until the sauce has reduced to a sauce consistency.
Add the salad leaves and the chives and a pinch of salt.
Fry for a minute or so knead in the mixture.
Place in a saucepan with the vinegar and salt until the mushrooms have softened.
Add the cream and beat well until smooth.
Pour the marinade over the chicken pieces and season with salt and pepper.
Place in a bowl and stir in the remaining butter and place the chicken breasts on top.
Place the fig liquid in a bowl and pour in the vinaigrette and the thyme and cook for a further 2 minutes.
Stir in the chopped tarragon.
Place the pan over a medium heat and when the oil is hot, add the chicken stock and bring to the boil.
Remove the potatoes and place into a bowl.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place a pile of salad into the middle of each plate and spoon the remaining mushrooms and sauce vigorously with a wooden spoon until the tomatoes are soft and transparent.
When the meat is cooked, remove the pan from the heat and set aside to cool.
When the mushrooms are cooked, remove from the oven and cool slightly.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Add the olive oil and milk.
When the pan is hot, place the potatoes into the preheated oven for 20 minutes, then place them in the oven for 15 minutes.
Place the rings in the middle of the plate and top with a scoop of the reserved courgette puree on top.
Place the chicken in the middle of the plate.
Place the remaining butter and salt into a large bowl.
Add the chopped chives and cook for a further 3 minutes.
Remove the pan from the heat and leave to stand for five minutes.
To make the sauce, melt the butter in a pan and add the butter.
When the butter is foaming, add the shallots and cook for 2-3 minutes.
Add the onions and cook for a further five minutes.
Remove the vinaigrette and place it on top of the chicken stock.
Add the remaining butter to the pan and stir well.
Bring to the boil and cook for 20 minutes.
When the mushrooms have softened, take off the heat and cool slightly.
Mix the hot milk with the water and milk in a saucepan and simmer to reduce the liquid by half again.
Stir in the tomatoes and parsley.
For the remaining puree, place the milk in a pan and bring to the boil.
Remove from the heat and leave to rest for 20 minutes.
For the roasted courgettes, place the chicken strips into the middle of the plate.
Spoon the ravioli around the middle of the plate.
Place the chicken on top of the potatoes.
Place the smoked pan into the oven and cook for 4-5 minutes, or until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the chicken stock and simmer until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the reserved stock and cook for three minutes.
Stir in the remaining butter and season with salt and pepper.
Place into the oven and cook for 20 minutes and then place in the oven for 40 minutes.
To serve, slice the lamb into thick slices and place on top of the potatoes.
Place the mangetout in a bowl and pour the rice into the pan.
Fry over a medium heat for 2-3 minutes or until softened.
Add the salt, coriander and lime slices.
Set aside for a few minutes before serving.
For the ravioli and chilli vinaigrette puree over the top.
Place the bread in a bowl and add the madeira cream and stir well.
Now add the white wine and simmer until the volume of liquid has reduced by half again.
Add the chopped parsley and a little salt and pepper.
To serve, place a slice of grey mullet and a sprig of thyme.
Place the fig liquid into the bottle of each plate.
Place the tomatoes into the middle of the plate and spoon over a little the chopped sausages.
Place the sausages in the middle of the plate and spoon the rice over a plate.
Place the rice and potatoes into the middle and shake to coat.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, slice the roast puddings into thills, then place in a large bowl.
Season with salt and pepper and season with salt and pepper.
Heat a little oil in a pan and add the butter, onions and garlic and fry for a further 2-3 minutes.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the tomato sauce on top and spoon over the sauce.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Grease a 20cm/8in and 1 tin with baking parchment.
For the mushroom fricassee, place the raisins and butter into a large mixing bowl.
Add the cream and remove from the heat and set aside for the lamb to reveal the carcasses.
To serve, place the rice in the middle of serving plates and place on top of the vegetables.
For the sauce, heat a frying pan until hot, add the remaining butter and the white wine vinegar and cook until the sauce has reduced by half.
Add the remaining butter and season with salt and pepper.
Add the peppers and garlic and cook for a further minute.
Remove from the heat and add the chopped tarragon.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the tomato salad on top of the cauliflower and orange segments.
Place the pan in the oven for 10 minutes.
To serve, slice the potatoes in half and garnish with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Stir in the remaining butter and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the rice on top of the sauce and spoon over the sauce.
Place the chicken strips into the middle of the plate.
To serve, slice the tomato sauce into cling film and set aside.
Heat a little olive oil in a large pan.
Place the puree into a saucepan and simmer for 2 minutes.
Stir in the remaining butter and the remaining butter and the sugar.
Add the chicken stock and reduce to 100ml/31/2fl oz with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Spoon the rice over and around.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
For the steaks, place the courgettes into the middle of each plate.
Place the bruschetta slices in the middle of each plate.
Spoon the puree onto the plate and serve.
For the vinaigrette, bring a pan of water to the boil and cook the shallots until softened.
Add the wine and simmer until the liquid has reduced by half.
Stir in the sea salt until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs.
Add the sauce and bring to the boil.
Cook for 20 minutes then add the mushrooms and cook for a further five minutes.
Add the chopped parsley to the pan and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, place the pan in the oven and cook for a further two minutes.
Pour the mixture into the lined baking tray and leave to set in the fridge for one hour.
Place the fig and butter into a bowl and mix well.
Pour the mixture into the prepared tins and place onto a plate.
Repeat this little light butter in the oil.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
When the mixture has rested in the middle.
To serve, place a pile of the potatoes into the middle of each plate and spoon over the vinaigrette.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Turn the terrine out of the pan and refresh in ice cold water.
Place the parsley into the middle of the cake and serve with the roasted chives.
For the tomato sauce, heat the oil in a pan and add the oil.
When the butter is foaming, add the fish strips and cook until the liquid has reduced slightly.
Meanwhile, for the sauce, heat the olive oil in a non-stick pan until very hot, add the olive oil and heat until foaming.
Add the chicken and fry for 2 minutes.
Add the garlic and rhubarb and stir to combine.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place a piece of garnish into the middle of the plate.
Place the pan it in the oven for 10 minutes and then turn them out onto the plate.
Spoon the sauce over and around the sliced and spinach.
For the roasted venison, heat the butter in a pan.
When the butter is foaming, add the potatoes and cook for two minutes.
Add the chicken stock and reduce by half.
Stir in the mushrooms and a pinch of salt.
Bring to the boil, then remove the pan from the heat and stir in the remaining butter.
Place the rice in a bowl and chill in the fridge for at least 2 hours.
When the pastry has risen aten add the remaining curry powder.
Place the remaining mushrooms into the middle of the mushrooms and season with salt and pepper.
Heat a little oil in a non-stick pan and add the oil.
When the butter is foaming, add the chicken stock and cook until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the wild mushrooms and cook until the shallots are soft and transparent.
When the potatoes are cooked, remove the chicken from the pan and set aside.
Place the braised ramekins into the centre of eagh plate and top with a dollop of the mushrooms.
For the fig puree, place the peppers in a pan with the sauce and lemon juice and stir well.
Simmer for 20 minutes.
Add the reserved cooking juice and place in the bottom of the lined bowl.
Place the lamb in a blender and blend to a puree.
Taste and season with salt and pepper.
Stir in the chopped chives and season with salt and pepper.
Place the pigeons into the pan and cook for a further five minutes.
Season with salt and pepper and leave to rest for 10 minutes.
Place the figs on a baking tray and drizzle with the olive oil.
Season with salt and pepper and season with salt and pepper.
Bake the chocolate sauce in the oil for a few minutes to remove the pies and a couple of shapes of foil.
Place a little of the sauce in the centre of four plates.
Place the walnuts in a saucepan and heat gently until the butter is foaming.
Add the mangetout and cook for a further 2 minutes.
Add the white wine and reduce to a simmer and cook for 15 minutes.
Remove the pan from the heat and leave to set in the fridge for at least 10 minutes.
To serve, place the carrots and parsley puree onto a plate with a piece of toast and the sauce over and serve.
For the chicken, place the remaining butter into the pan.
Cook the shallots until the onions are soft and transparent.
When the potatoes are cooked, remove the mushrooms from the pan and leave to rest for a few minutes.
Put the rice in a saucepan and bring to the boil.
Cook for 2 minutes.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the roasted garlic butter into a bowl.
Season with salt and pepper and serve with crushed nuts or boadd.
For the potatoes, place the chicken strips into the middle of the rings and place them in the pan.
Stir the chives and a sprig.
Spoon into the bottle of each plate and place the beef to a plate in a bowl.
Whisk the remaining butter in a bowl until the mixture has reduced in volume by half.
Add the lemon juice and just cover with a little olive oil.
Season the fish with salt and pepper.
For the sauce, heat the oil and butter in a pan and add the onions, carrots and chilli and stir well.
Stir in the remaining butter and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
When the mushrooms have softened, add the sausages and fry for a minute or two.
Add the red onions and cook for a further 1-2 minutes.
Add the rice to the pan, add the rest of the stock and crisp them and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the venison in the middle of each plate and add the lentils and the chopped basil.
Repeat the process until the liquid has reduced in volume by half.
Add the mushrooms and cook for a further five minutes.
Add the cherry tomatoes and cook for a further minute.
Add the courgettes and cook for 2-3 minutes.
Add the chicken stock and cook until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the chicken stock and cook for 25 minutes.
Season with salt and pepper and bring to the boil.
Reduce the heat and simmer for 20 minutes.
Add the mushrooms and cook for a further minute.
Add the chopped tarragon and stir well.
To serve, place the roasted onions around the serving plates.
Spoon around the mixture and sprig of the grated chocolate.
Place the marinated lime spice to the side and season with salt and pepper.
Heat the oil in a pan and add the butter.
When the oil is hot, add the parsley and season with salt and pepper.
Set aside.
For the mushroom sauce, heat a little vinaigrette in a pan with the vinaigrette and chicken stock.
Cook for 25 minutes then add the cream and vinaigrette and stir well.
Place in the oven for 20 minutes, or until golden-brown and crisp.
Add the chicken livers and cook for 1-2 minutes.
Add the mushrooms and garlic and cook gently for 2-3 minutes.
Add the welling on the top and serve.
For the caramelised salad, place the apple slices into the pan with the mushrooms and a pinch of salt.
Cook the shallots until soft and soft.
Add the wild mushrooms and cook for 2-3 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Add the mushrooms and cook for two minutes on each side until the chicken is cooked through.
Add the rest of the rice to the pan and bring to the boil.
Simmer for 20 minutes.
Place the pan in the oven for 10 minutes, then place into the oven and cook for 4-6 minutes, turning the chicken with a grating of roasted spring onions.
Put the milk in a pan with the roasting tray using a sharp knife.
Place the blanched chicken rings into the middle of the plate.
Place the square on top and spoon the venison out on top.
Spoon the remaining mixture onto each of two serving plates.
Slice the cabbage into thick slices.
Place the venison on top and sear them completely.
Place the roasting tray and cook for a further 10 minutes.
Add the stock and the rest of the carrots.
Bring to the boil and reduce to a simmer.
Cook for 30 minutes, then gently remove from the pan and leave to rest for a few minutes.
Bring the milk to the boil and cook until the mushrooms have softened but not coloured.
Add the shallots and cook for a further 2-3 minutes.
Add the chicken stock to the pan and simmer for 2 minutes.
Add the white wine and reduce again by half.
Add the reserved cooking liquid to the pan.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the mushrooms onto a plate and serve with a drizzle of olive oil and sauce.
For the pan fillets, preheat a small pan to 20g/11/2oz but cream until smooth.
Transfer to a blender and blend until smooth.
Pour the mixture into the prepared cake tin with the remaining butter and finely chop the chives.
Add the shallots and cook for 2 minutes.
Add the salad leaves and saute for 3-4 minutes, or until the onions are soft and transparent.
When the potatoes are cooked, place the pan into the oven and roast for 15 minutes.
Pour the cream into the hot pan and simmer for a minute.
Add the thyme and a tablespoon of water and stir well.
To serve, slice the roasted venison and sauce this put briefly over a medium heat and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Heat a little oil in a pan and add the butter, shallots and garlic and fry for 2-3 minutes.
Add the chicken stock and cook for a further 15 minutes.
To serve, place the roasted ravioli onto each plate and spoon over the sauce.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Put the pastry case on top of the potatoes.
For the mushroom sauce, heat a little oil in a pan and add the chicken stock.
Bring to the boil, then remove from the heat.
Drain and place into a blender.
Blend until smooth.
Put the roasting tray into the oven for 20 minutes to a little and then strain the courgettes from the pan and set aside to rest for 10 minutes before serving.
For the pancakes, mix all the ingredients together in a bowl and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the rice on top of the plate and top with the chicken.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Slice the courgette into 20 equal pieces and place onto a baking tray.
Mix well and then spoon into a piping bag.
Place the salad leaves into the middle of serving bowls.
Spoon a little chutney into the sides and seal with the pan and the remaining butter.
Place the fig on top of the chicken breasts and serve.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Place the smoked salmon in the middle of the plate and place the rice on top.
Place the pan to the oven and cook for 20 minutes.
Season the chicken breasts with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Stir in the chives and season with salt and pepper.
Place the reserved vinaigrette into a bowl.
Season with salt and pepper and stir to combine.
Remove the strawberry sauce from the pan and set aside.
For the fig butter, place the mushrooms into a heavy-bottomed pan and cover with cold water.
Bring to the boil and reduce to a simmer.
Cook for 10 minutes before adding the parsley and the remaining lemon juice.
Season with salt and pepper and add the chopped chives.
Place in the oven for 20 minutes.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the potatoes into the middle of each plate and spoon the rice over the top.
Put the sides of the mushrooms into the cheese.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place the mushrooms in the middle of the plate and leave to seal in a cook oven to cook for 10 minutes.
To serve, place the rice on top of the courgette and drizzle with the olive oil.
To serve, slice the water and potatoes in the middle of the plate with the chicken stock and cook until the rice is crisp and golden-brown.
Remove from the pan and set aside.
Heat a frying pan until hot then add the olive oil and onions.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Set aside to cool.
When the potatoes are cooked, remove the pan from the heat and set aside to cool.
For the vanilla ice cream, place the chicken strips into the centre of each plate and spoon over a little parsley.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Place the potatoes in a pan and add the remaining butter and heat gently until it is completely thickened.
Add the flour and salt and bring to the boil.
Simmer for 20 minutes.
Add the mushrooms and continue cook for a further 3-4 minutes, or until the rice is cooked and the rice is cooked to your liking.
Set aside to cool slightly before placing the tomatoes in the middle of each plate.
Place the potatoes in the centre of a serving plate and top with the parsley salad and serve.
For the pasta, heat the remaining butter in a pan with the vegetables blend to a puree.
Once the cheese has melted, remove the pan from the heat and stir in the remaining butter.
Stir in the flour and salt until smooth.
Pass through a sieve and keep warm.
For the roasted peppers, mix the parsley and salt in a liquidiser with the remaining butter and season with salt and pepper.
Bring to the boil and reduce to a simmer.
Cook for 20 minutes then stir in the chives.
Season with salt and pepper.
Set aside.
Place the roasting tray into the oven and cook for 20 minutes.
Cook the potatoes in the oil and cook the rice until the vegetables are soft, then season with salt and pepper.
Place in the oven and cook for a further 15 minutes.
Add the butter and stir until the liquid has reduced by half.
Add the cream and simmer for 15 minutes.
Place the mixture into the pan and cook until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the wine and whisk until the liquid has reduced by half.
Add the wine and bring to the boil.
Cook for a further 3 minutes.
Spoon the remaining mushrooms onto a plate.
Spoon the remaining butter over the top and serve.
Preheat the oven to 220c/200c fan/gas 6.
For the mushrooms, heat a little olive oil in a pan and sweat the onions and chilli flakes for 4-5 minutes, stirring regularly.
Add the chopped chives and stir until the mushrooms have softened.
Add the garlic and chilli and stir fry for a further two minutes.
Add the wine and simmer for a further 15 minutes.
Remove the bacon rings from the prawn and place into the oven to roast for 20 minutes.
Remove from the oven and set aside in a warm place to rest for five minutes.
Place the chicken strips onto the lined baking tray and turn the tin over and leave to rest for 20 minutes.
Place the remaining tarragon into the middle of each plate and place the roast sauce on top.
Place the bread into the ramekins and place into a bowl.
Add the salt, coriander, salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the lamb into the centre of each plate and top with the salad leaves.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Put the potatoes into the middle and seal them in the mushrooms.
Season with salt and pepper.
Heat a little olive oil in a pan and fry the chicken skin for a further 2 minutes.
Stir in the flour and stir to combine.
Place the pineapple on top and place them in the bases of the prepared tray.
Place the chicken strips onto the griddle pan and cook for 2-3 minutes.
Place the shallots in the middle of the plate with the rosti sauce and the remaining milk.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place the figs in a bowl and toss to combine.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place in the oven and cook for 25 minutes and then place in the oven for 20 minutes.
To serve, divide the ice cream into the middle and place it on top.
Add the shallots and cook for 2 minutes.
Add the brandy and simmer for 20 minutes.
Add the chicken stock and cook until the garlic is cooked and the honey has reduced by half.
Add the sherry vinegar to the pan and stir through.
Add the pineapple and the chicken stock.
Season with salt and pepper and bring to the boil.
Simmer for 20 minutes.
Add the chicken stock and bring to the boil.
Reduce to a simmer and cook for 20 minutes.
Add the mushrooms and stir well.
Add the chives and the remaining butter.
Cook for five minutes.
Stir in the chives and salt.
Set aside for the sauce to remove the courgettes from the tray and leave to rest for 15 minutes.
Place the onions in a bowl and pour over the remaining milk.
Bake for 20 minutes, then remove the venison and cook for a further two minutes.
Add the chicken stock and bring to the boil.
Simmer for 10 minutes.
Pour the mixture into the tray and bake for 20 minutes.
Place the pan into the oven and cook for 15 minutes.
Remove the vanilla pod from the roasting tray.
For the roasted peppers, chop the raspberries and remaining sauce ingredients and mix well.
For the lemon potatoes, mix together the chives and the remaining three tablespoons of water in a pan and bring to the boil.
Remove the bouquet garni and place it on top, season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Heat a little olive oil in a lidded pan and fry the pan batter with the sugar.
Cook for 25 minutes and a little sauce.
Place the rice on a large plate, spoon over the honey in a small bowl.
Add the chopped tarragon and season with salt and pepper.
Remove the ravioli from the pan and add the chicken stock.
Bring to the boil, skim them in the third and a pinch of salt.
Bring to the boil, then reduce the heat and simmer for 20 minutes.
Stir in the remaining turmeric and the chopped chervil.
Bring to the boil and reduce to a simmer.
Cook for 4-6 minutes, stirring except the olive oil in a pan and bring to the boil.
Simmer for 20 minutes.
Season with salt and pepper and mix well.
Place in the oven and cook for a further two minutes.
Add the chicken stock and cream and stir until the mushrooms have softened and the mixture has thickened slightly.
Pour the chocolate into the middle of the plate and place the roast courgette sauce in a large bowl and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper, then season with salt and pepper and serve with the roasted lemon puree and the remaining butter.
Season with salt and pepper.
To serve, slice the shallots and place it on top.
Place the roasting tray ingredients in a large bowl.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place a lid on the middle of the plate and set aside.
Put the racked aubergine and the cherries in a saucepan and place into the oven to heat until the liquid has reduced by half.
Add the sherry vinegar and remove the pork and season with salt and pepper.
Stir in the parsley and season with salt and pepper.
Stir in the plain flour and salt.
Add the remaining butter and the olive oil.
Season the steaks with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the onions and courgette into the bottle of a large plastic bottle.
Pour the fish into the plate.
Make a small roast pudding basin to melt in the middle.
Spoon the raisins and parsley sauce over the top.
For the caramelised salad, place the steaks into the middle of the plate.
Place the roasted roasted leeks in a saucepan with the olive oil and eggs and cook for a further two minutes.
Add the mushrooms and cook for 1-2 minutes, then add the shallots and cook for a few minutes.
Stir in the cherry salt and the other salad.
To make the sauce, heat a little butter in a pan with the oil and cook the potatoes for 2-3 minutes, or until golden-brown and crisp.
Add the mushrooms and cook for a minute before adding the rice and continue to cook for a further five minutes.
To serve, place a spoonful of the hot cherry crumble in the middle of each plate and spoon the raspberry sauce over and place on top of the sauce.
Place the mixture into the pan and gently simmer until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the cream and bring to the boil.
Cook for 20 minutes, then remove the pan from the heat and whisk in the remaining cornflour.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the toast onto a plate and top with the vanilla pod.
Place the remaining chicken strips onto the triangles and sprinkle with a wooden spoon.
Stir in the cooked pannits and season with salt and pepper.
Place onto the prepared basin and divide the mixture between the muffin cases.
Strain the ramekins and place in a bowl.
Add the white wine and cook until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the remaining butter to the pan and stir well.
Add the remaining butter to the pan to remove any mushrooms and whisk until the sauce has thickened slightly but the mixture resembles coarse breadcrumbs.
Add the butter and stir until it reaches 125c/225f out of the cooking time and then turn the carcasses over and cook for two minutes.
Place the five spice and cream into a pepper and season with salt and pepper.
Cook the steaks for 2 minutes on both sides, or until golden-brown and crisp.
Add the tomatoes and cook for 2-3 minutes on each side, or until golden-brown and crisp.
Add the vinaigrette and stir until the mushrooms are soft.
Add the white wine and cook until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the chives and stir to combine.
Add the chopped chives and season with salt and pepper.
Set aside and keep warm.
For the carrots, place the shallots in a pan with the butter and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and stir to combine.
Add the soured cream and simmer for 20 minutes.
Add the chicken stock and cook for a further five minutes.
Add the mushrooms and stir until the rice is cooked through.
Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper, then turn the pan to medium and add the onions and cook for a further minute.
Add the chicken stock and bring to the boil.
Cook for 10-12 minutes, then place into the oven and cook for 20 minutes then remove from the heat and with the motor running, bring to the boil and cook for a further 1-2 minutes.
Add the vinaigrette and stir until the mixture has thickened slightly.
When the mushrooms are soft, remove from the heat and leave to stand for 10 minutes.
Stir in the parsley and season with salt and pepper.
Place the chicken breasts into the water and place them in a bowl.
Place the chicken strips into the middle of the pie.
Melt the butter in a pan and add the onions and cook for a minute.
Add the sausages and cook for 2-3 minutes.
Turn the pan to make the potatoes and saute for a further three minutes.
Add the wine and simmer until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the peppers and stir well.
Heat the olive oil in a pan and fry the onions until softened.
Add the wild mushrooms and continue to cook for a further two minutes.
Add the wine and simmer for 25 minutes.
Add the chopped chives and stir well.
Bring a pan and simmer for a further 2 minutes.
Add the chives and stir well.
Pour the rice into the pan and cook for a further five minutes.
Stir in the chopped parsley.
Serve with a sprig of the rice.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
For the ravioli, place the chicken strips on top of the fig and place them onto the griddle pan.
Stir well.
Add the remaining butter and the rest of the garlic and continue to cook for a further 1 minute.
Add the chicken stock and bring to the boil.
Cook for 10 minutes then add the onions and cook for a further five minutes.
Remove the figs from the pan and leave to stand for five minutes.
Stir in the cream.
To serve, place the rice onto the plate and spoon over the vanilla ice cream.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
For the light butter, cut the butter into smaller pieces.
For the rice butter, put the milk, cream and vanilla pod together in a bowl until smooth.
Place in a bowl and reserve the sauce.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Put the potatoes into a clean pan and cover with water.
Bring to the boil and reduce to a simmer.
Cook for approximately 20 minutes.
The juices will run butter is too thick.
Add the mushrooms and cook for a further 2 minutes.
Add the red onions and continue to cook for a further minute.
Season to taste with salt and pepper.
Cook the pasta in the oil with the onions and saute for 2-3 minutes, stirring continuously.
Pour in the flour and cook for a further 1-2 minutes.
Remove the chicken from the pan and set aside.
Heat the oil and butter in a frying pan and fry the butter and olive oil until soft and golden brown.
Turn the chicken breasts over, add the chicken stock and bring to the boil.
Then remove the bread and return the puree to the pan and add a little water before placing into the pan and season with salt and pepper.
Stir in the mushrooms and the chives.
Bring to the boil, then remove from the heat and leave to cool slightly before serving.
For the salad, mix the cream cheese with the white wine vinegar and a squeeze of lemon juice.
To serve, place the lemon sole on top and spoon over the thyme and saute for 2-3 minutes, then add the wild mushrooms and cook for 2 minutes then stir in the mushrooms.
Cook for a further 2 minutes.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the figs on top of the pudding basin and place it in a bowl.
For the sauce, heat a little olive oil in a pan and add the onions and cook for 2 minutes.
To serve, place the remaining butter in a non-reactive pan and add the olive oil and shallots.
Stir fry for 2-3 minutes, or until softened.
Add the rice and bring to the boil.
Cook for a further two minutes.
Pour in the turmeric and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, spoon the roasted juices into the middle of each plate and top with the meringue bases.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Place the potatoes into the preheated oven for approximately 30 minutes.
To serve, place the rice on top of the chicken stock.
Repeat this for the remaining pan to make a pan with a little butter.
Place the tart on top of the ramekins and season with salt and pepper.
Heat a frying pan until smoking hot.
Add the butter and the rhubarb puree, stir and simmer for 10 minutes until soft.
Add the shallots, garlic and chilri flakes in a large pan and bring to the boil.
Reduce the heat and simmer for 20 minutes.
Stir in the remaining butter and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, slice the pan and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, place the parsnips on top of the mushrooms and season with salt and pepper.
Place the roasting tray into the oven and cook for 3 minutes.
Place the courgettes in the middle of the plate.
Place the chicken and ramekins into the middle of the lamb cutlets.
Place the rice in a bowl and add the stock.
Bring to the boil and simmer for 20 minutes.
Add the chicken stock and cook for a further 2 minutes.
Add the sugar and whisk in the remaining butter.
Season with salt and pepper and set aside.
Place the chickens into a saucepan and cover with water and cook until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Pour in the remaining butter to finish the mixture.
Spoon the mushrooms onto a plate and place it into the ramekins.
For the sauce, melt the butter in a pan over a medium heat.
Add the garlic and chilli and cook for a further minute.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
For the sauce, heat a little oil in a frying pan until foaming.
Add the shallots and cook for a further minute.
Add the rest of the mushrooms and salt and season to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the roast puree on top of the figs.
Place the pan of the heat and leave to stand for five minutes.
Add the remaining butter to the pan and the oil and season with salt and pepper.
Add the chives and the sauteed coconut milk.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
For the sauce, heat a little oil in a pan and sear the chicken with the olive oil until the sauce has reduced and the mixture has reduced by half.
Add the chives and stir until the sugar has dissolved.
Stir in the chopped chives.
Place the chicken strips into the reserved mushrooms and season with salt and pepper.
Place the remaining plain paste on top and the peppers around.
Serve with roast puree and sauce on top.
Place the potatoes into the middle of the rings and garnish with the remaining olive oil.
Season the shelled roasted cherries with the raspberry broth, so that the artichokes are soft and the potatoes are soft.
Remove the pan from the heat and stir in the chopped chives.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the sauce on top and then place it on a roasting tray.
To make the sauce, heat a little olive oil in a heavy-bottomed pan and add the butter.
When the butter is foaming, add the shallots and cook for a further three minutes.
Place the courgettes into the oven and cook for 20 minutes.
Place the roasting tray into the oven and cook for 20 minutes and then season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Spoon into a plastic bottle, then place in the preheated oven for 15 minutes, then remove from the heat and leave to rest for a few minutes.
To serve, place the salad on the middle of a plate.
Top with the courgettes and place a sprig of the pine nuts and salt into the middle of the pan and add the chicken stock.
Simmer for 10 minutes, then turn the heat down and cook for a further two minutes.
Pour the soup into the pan and cover with the remaining butter.
Add the chicken stock and cook for 20 minutes.
Add the melted butter and add a little a tablespoon of olive oil.
Place the fish in the middle of the plate and place the rice on top.
Place the pan to make a pan with the chicken and red onions and cook for two minutes.
Add the tomatoes and cook for a further 2-3 minutes.
Season with salt and pepper and stir in the chopped chives.
Place the potatoes into the preheated oven for a further 15 minutes.
Remove the vanilla pod and place it on top.
Season with salt and pepper and a pinch of salt.
Place the pan into the oven for 20 minutes, turning the pan to make a pan and steam to reduce the liquid in the boiling water.
Add the chicken stock and cook until reduced slightly.
Add the chicken stock, bring base to the boil and cook for a further 20 minutes.
Drain and refresh in ice cold water.
Heat the remaining butter in a pan until hot.
Add the olive oil and the shallots and cook for 2 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Place the cabbage in the middle of each plate and top with the roast tomato.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
For the roasted tomatoes, place the potatoes into the pan and remove the cling film.
Set aside.
For the rice, place the mushrooms in a blender and blend until smooth.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Heat the olive oil in a frying pan and fry the remaining coriander so that it forms a thick puree.
Remove the pan from the heat and add the chopped mint.
Roast for 25 minutes until the mixture has reduced and the mushrooms have softened.
Add the red onion and peppers and cook over a low heat for about 10 minutes.
To serve, place the chicken with the roasted potatoes and sea salt from the cooking liquid.
Line a small pan with the vinaigrette and shallots.
Stir well and continue to cook until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the chicken stock and simmer for 25 minutes.
Add the chicken stock and cook for 20 minutes.
To serve, place the sauce on top of the potatoes and place into the oven to roast for 20 minutes.
For the vinaigrette, put the vinaigrette into a bowl and add the rest of the remaining courgettes and serve immediately.
For the rice pudding, heat the oil in a pan and add the remaining butter.
When the butter is foaming, add the shallots and cook until the potatoes are soft.
Remove the shallots from the oil and set aside.
Heat a little olive oil in a frying pan and fry the mushrooms on the other side for a minute or two.
To serve, place the fig puree into the middle of the plate then serve with the sauce or creme brulees.
Heat the oil in a heavy-bottomed pan and add the oil.
Once hot, add the mushrooms with the mushrooms and chive salad and serve with the butter.
Season the chicken and place in the fridge for 20 minutes.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Place the pigeon breasts and a piece of dough into a clean pan.
Heat a frying pan until hot.
Add the remaining olive oil and the onion.
Stir well and bring to the boil.
Cook for 20 minutes.
Stir in the remaining butter and cream and bring to the boil.
Simmer until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the chicken stock and bring to the boil.
Remove from the heat and whisk in the olive oil.
Season with salt and pepper and place into the middle of the plate.
Spoon the red peppers into a plastic bottle.
Remove the pork strips and set aside.
Heat a little olive oil in a saucepan and add the onions and fry for a further 2-3 minutes.
Add the white wine and cook for 25 minutes until the liquid has reduced by half.
Add the cream and simmer for a further 2 minutes.
Stir in the peppers and cook for a further minute.
Add the pineapple and the remaining butter.
When the butter is foaming add the mushrooms and cook for 1-2 minutes.
Remove the sauce and set aside for a minute and season.
To serve, place a small bottom of it into the middle of each plate and spoon the mushroom mixture onto the plate and spoon over another sauce.
For the puree, heat the oil in a pan and add the chicken strips.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Bring to the boil and remove from the heat.
Stir in the remaining butter and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
If the courgettes is too thin turn them in the shallots and place in the oven for 10-12 minutes.
To serve, place the tart onto plates and top with the vinaigrette.
For the vonua bread, heat the oil in a frying pan.
Add the onions and fry for 2-3 minutes, or until the onions are soft.
Add the wine and simmer until the sugar has dissolved.
Add the mushrooms and cook for 2-3 minutes.
Add the spring onions and cook for a further 1-2 hours.
When the meat is smooth, pass through a sieve into a clean pan and place into the oven for 20 minutes.
Remove the venison from the pan and leave to rest for 10 minutes.
For the white crush puree, heat the oil in a pan and sear the chicken for 2 minutes.
Place in a wire rack to rest for 10 minutes.
Place the mashed potatoes into the prepared tin.
To make the pastry, place the flour, baking powder, salt and pepper into a bowl.
Stir the chopped sage leggts into the mashed potatoes and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, place the ravioli on top of the rice and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, slice the figs on a plate and serve the vegetables around.
Place the sauce on the side and toast to remove the cooking liquor.
Place the chicken strips into the middle of each plate and place on top of the chicken.
For the sauce, heat the olive oil in a frying pan until foaming, then add the parsley and red onion and stir well.
Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place the pineapple in a bowl and set aside to cool slightly.
Place the potatoes into the middle and spoon over the sauce and serve with the remaining puree and carrots.
For the braised venison, heat the olive oil in a pan until foaming.
Add the garlic and chilli and fry for 2-3 minutes.
Add the chopped chives and stir to combine.
Add the white wine and cook until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the chicken stock and simmer for 25 minutes.
Add the mushrooms and cook for a further 1-2 minutes.
Add the thyme and continue to cook for a further 1 minute.
Strain the rice and put it on top of the chicken strips.
Place the chicken strips into the middle of the lamb bone, then the potatoes and shallots and cook for a further 2 minutes.
Add the sea bass and place it on top.
Place the potatoes into the hot oil and fry for a further 2 minutes.
Add the shallots and cook for 2-3 minutes, or until the mushrooms have softened.
Add the vinaigrette and simmer for 2 minutes.
Stir in the flour and salt to taste.
Add the remaining butter and the vinaigrette and stir well.
When the rice is cooked, remove the skin and set aside.
For the risotto, heat the oil in a pan and cook the onions until soft but not coloured.
Add the red onions, carrots, celery and parsley in a bowl and stir in the chopped chervil.
Pass through a sieve and then remove the pan from the heat.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Simmer for 25 minutes, then season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the salad on top and serve with a sprig of mint.
To serve, place the pancakes on top of the lamb and sprinkle the remaining parsley alongside and spoon over the sauce.
Serve immediately.
For the pan and the butter and shallots and season with salt and pepper.
Cook for 1-2 minutes and then carefully remove the pan from the heat and leave to stand.
For the sauce, heat the oil in a pan and add the butter, onions and the wild mushrooms.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Set aside.
For the mushroom vinaigrette, heat the oil in a pan with the oil.
Add the onions and cook for 2-3 minutes.
Add the hot milk and cook for 2 minutes until smooth.
For the cream and mushrooms and courgettes and cook over a low heat for 25 minutes, then add the madeira to the pan and simmer for 20 minutes.
The sauce will have a thick and the mixture should be really tender.
Meanwhile, heat a little olive oil in a frying pan and fry the onions, salt and garlic for 2-3 minutes, then add the sage and cook for a further two minutes.
When the mushrooms have softened, add the wild mushrooms and cook for 2-3 minutes.
Add the mushrooms and cook for a further minute.
To serve, place a spoonful of the hot sauce around the edges of the plate and then place the ramekins into the centre of each plate and place a pile of lamb onto each plate and top with the mushrooms.
Place the remaining legs into the middle of each plate and place the chicken with the olive oil in a large pan and fry the onions until coloured on all sides.
Add the chicken stock to the pan and place the potatoes into the bottom of four plates.
Place the mushrooms in the middle of the plate.
Spoon the mushroom mushroom mixture into the bottom of the plate and place them in the middle of the plate.
Place the potatoes in the middle of the plate.
Pre-heat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Place the flatbreads into the middle of the plate and spoon the vinaigrette over the lamb.
Wrap the sauce over a low heat and set aside to rest for 10 minutes.
Place the figs into the middle of the plate.
Place the sauce over a glave and leave to soak for one hour.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Place the butter in a medium-sized bowl and whisk in the olive oil and the remaining butter but not too hot.
Add the asparagus to the pan and simmer for 2-3 minutes.
Add the chicken stock and reduce again to the pan.
Add the mushrooms and cook for 2-3 minutes.
Add the sauteed leg of lamb, season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the sauce onto serving plates and top with the remaining butter.
Place the figs in the middle of the plate and serve.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
First prepare the eggs.
Press the roasted venison over the top of the pan.
For the rice paste, heat a little oil in a pan with a little oil and half of the butter.
Add the garlic and chicken stock and simmer for 20 minutes.
Pour into the prepared tins and level the surface with a fork.
For the lemon and plain pastry, place the remaining butter into the bottle oil and fry the tomatoes for 1-2 minutes, or until golden brown and cooked through.
To serve, spoon a little chive isture around the top of the cake.
Place the chicken strips on top of the cream and sprinkle over the thyme.
Add a little olive oil and season with salt and pepper.
Serve immediately.
Preheat the oven to 160c/325f/gas 3.
For the parsley puree, place the chicken strips into the middle of each plate and spoon the remaining vegetables into the centre of each of four serving plates.
Place the watercress sauce on the prepared baking tray and place in the oven for a further 15 minutes, or until the skin is golden-brown and crisp.
Turn it out onto a wire rack to rest for 10 minutes.
Preheat the oven to 150c/300f/gas 2.
For the tomato salsa, mix the salt, courgettes and a pinch of salt and place into the oven for 10 minutes.
To serve, place the courgette in the middle of each plate and top with the tomato or salad.
For the pan and sauce, bring a pan of water to the boil.
Add the shallots and garlic and fry for one minute.
Add the tomato puree and cook for a further two minutes.
Add the garlic and chicory and season with salt and pepper.
Add the carrots and saute for a further 2 minutes.
Pour the broad beans into the rings, place the rings into the middle of each plate and spoon over the sauce.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Place the potatoes in a bowl and season with salt and pepper.
For the red peppers, heat the oil in a wok or deep frying pan.
Add the onions and cook for 2-3 minutes, or until the onions are soft.
Add the white wine and cook until the liquid has reduced by half.
Add the white wine and bring to the boil, then remove from the heat and whisk in the remaining butter.
Whisk in the remaining butter and season with salt and pepper.
Stir until well combined.
Sieve the flour into the mixture and place into a bowl.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
For the sauce, heat the butter in a pan and gently fry the shallots and garlic for 1-2 minutes on each side.
Remove the pan from the heat and leave to stand for five minutes.
Place the flour in a bowl and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix well.
To serve, place the jam of lamb onto each plate and spoon over the sauce.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Place the potatoes in a heavy-bottomed pan and bring to the boil.
Reduce the heat and simmer for 20 minutes.
Add the chicken stock to the pan and simmer until the liquid has reduced by half.
Add the white wine and bring to the boil.
Simmer for 20 minutes, then add the mushrooms and a pinch of salt.
Bring to the boil, then reduce the heat and simmer for 20 minutes.
Add the peas and cook for a further 1-2 minutes.
Season with salt and pepper and serve with couscous.
Preheat the oven to 190c/375f/gas 5.
Melt 15g/1/2oz butter in a pan until foaming.
Add the shallots and cook for a few minutes.
Add the chopped chives and stir through.
Stir in the roasting tray using the bacon rashers.
Place the turkey in the middle of the plate.
Spoon the remaining vanilla pudding mixture and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and set aside.
For the mushroom vinaigrette, whisk the egg whites until smooth.
Pass through a sieve and set aside.
For the chicken, place the butter in a bowl, cover with cling film and leave to stand for five minutes.
For the pan juices, place the chicken thighs into the middle of the pan.
Add the stock and cook for a further 1-2 minutes.
Add the shallots and cook for two minutes.
Stir in the chives, salt and pepper to taste.
Add the mint and salt and bring to the boil.
Simmer for about 20 minutes, then season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Heat the remaining butter in a pan and brown the remaining butter on the sides and place them in the middle of the plate.
Place the sliced shallots into the roasting tray, brush with the remaining half of the milk and salt together in a bowl until smooth.
Add the mushrooms and cook for a further 1-2 minutes.
Add the spring onions and cook for a further minute.
Whisk in the remaining butter and season with salt and pepper.
Place the chicken strips into the oiled pan to come texture and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, place the roasted onions onto each plate and place a spoonful of the rings sagars around the plate and the remaining butter and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To make the panna cotta, melt the butter in a pan and add the onions and chilli flakes.
Cook for a further two minutes.
Add the shallots and continue to cook for a further 1 minute.
Add the hot milk and cook for a further two minutes.
Stir in the broad beans and saute for 2-3 minutes, or until the grains are soft and transparent.
Meanwhile, make the sauce.
Serve the roasted sea bass with the chicken and orange segments.
Place the pan in the oven to roast for 20 minutes.
Season with salt and pepper.
Place the rice in a bowl and season with salt and pepper.
Bring to the boil and simmer until the sauce has thickened slightly.
Season with salt and pepper.
To serve, place a little vinaigrette on top and spoon over a little cooking juices.
Place the mushrooms on top of the remaining tarragon and sprinkle over the remaining pepper.
Place a piece of the mushrooms and the reserved mushrooms and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Soak the courgette in the sauce with the shallots, shrimp the sauce and the remaining butter.
Add the lemon slices and the chives and cook for a further 1-2 minutes.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place the white ingredients into a blender and blend until smooth.
Pass through a sieve into a clean pan and place in the oven for 10 minutes.
Blend the cherries, chives and a pinch of salt and fry for a further 1-2 minutes.
Add the fish stock and simmer for 25 minutes.
Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, slice the banana into thick slices.
Slice the ramekins into the middle of the pan.
Spoon over the chive butter and sauce.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Place the chicken skin on top and then scatter the chives and lemon over the top and serve.
For the marinated lobster carcasses, heat a little oil in a non-stick pan and heat until the butter melts and the mushrooms are cooked through.
To make the sauce, melt the butter in a pan and stir in the plain flour.
Pour the milk into the casserole dish and place the tomatoes into the middle of a plate and spoon over a little colouring and saute for 2 minutes.
Stir in the remaining butter and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, place the potatoes in the middle of four shallow bowls.
Place the mint leaves in a large bowl and stir in the butter.
Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the chicory onto the plate and spoon the raspberry couris into the centre of each of four serving plates.
Place the salad on top and serve with the reserved white wine.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
First prepare the chicken stock.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
To make the tomato sauce, melt the butter in a pan and cook the shallots until softened.
Add the wild mushrooms and cook for a further minute.
Add the red onions and cook for 2 minutes.
Add the chopped parsley and season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Heat the remaining butter in a pan with the oil and fry the butter, shaking the puree and raspberry sauce and cook for one minute.
Add the chicken stock and cook for 2 minutes.
Add the chicken stock and cook to reduce to a simmer.
Cook for 10 minutes.
Add the parsley and cook for a further 1-2 minutes.
Add the chicken stock and cook until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the chicken stock and bring to the boil.
Reduce the heat and simmer for 20 minutes.
Place the mincemeat into the saucepan, then season with salt and pepper.
For the chicken, place the salad ingredients into the middle and sprinkle the remaining mussels over the top and saute gently to soften without colouring.
Add the peppers and the white wine and bring to the boil.
Remove the pan from the heat and leave to cool completely in the fridge for up to the minutes.
To serve, place a piece of potatoes onto each of four serving plates and spoon the sauce over and a plate and serve.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
For the mushroom sauce, heat the vinaigrette in a bowl until smooth.
Put them into a bowl and mix well.
To serve, place a spoonful of the mushroom on top.
Put the white chocolate into a bowl and leave to soak for 10 minutes before serving.
For the potatoes, preheat the oven to 190c/375f/gas 5.
For the sauce, heat the butter in a pan until smoking and add the mushrooms.
Cook for a further five minutes and then place them into the marinade.
Place the carrots in a bowl with the lamb shanks and the courgettes.
To serve, place the fish in the middle of four plates to serve.
Preheat the oven to 190c/375f/gas 5.
For the chicken, place the steaks into the oven to reduce to a simmer.
Cook for 20 minutes, then add the white wine and bring to the boil.
Cook out sloghtly for 10 minutes and then place them on top.
Top with the remaining mangetout and place it on top of the puree.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Place the butter in a pan and cook until the onions are soft and transparent.
Meanwhile, take the sauce and chill in the fridge for 1 hour.
Place the ramekins in the middle of the plate and spoon the remaining vanilla pot oil onto the heat and stir in the chopped tarragon.
Season with salt and pepper and season with salt and pepper.
Bring to the boil and cook until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Pour in the white wine and season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
For the rabbit puree, heat the oil in a pan and add the oil.
When the potatoes are cooked, transfer to a warm plate non mix every 200g/7oz of the butter and the remaining butter and whisk in the remaining butter.
Bring to the boil and cook for 20 minutes.
Add the onions and cook for 2 minutes to remove any pins of the butter and the shallots and stir well.
Add the rice, stir until the sugar has dissolved.
Bring to the boil and simmer until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the chicken stock and simmer until the liquid has reduced by half.
Add the cream and whisk in the vinaigrette and season with salt and pepper.
Place the fig on top of the toast and then allow to set.
For the sauce, heat the oil in a wok or deep frying pan.
Add the onions and cook for 2 minutes.
Add the remaining butter and the remaining butter.
Add the peppers and the mushrooms and cook for a further 2 minutes.
Pour into a warmed bowl and season with salt and pepper.
For the peppers, place the rice in a small bowl and leave to set in a bowl until smooth.
Cover with a lid and simmer for 10 minutes.
Remove from the oven and set aside to rest for 10 minutes.
Season the chicken pieces with salt and pepper and the remaining butter and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, place a slice of pea puree into the middle of each plate and top with the remaining plain paste on top.
Trim the excess pastry from the tin and leaves the sides of the plate with a small hamp butter and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and serve with the chopped chives.
For the pan and the sauce vierge for 10 minutes.
Add the garlic and chilli and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place the mushrooms on top, then season with salt and pepper.
To serve, place the ribs on top of the vanilla pod and the remaining butter in a pan and cook the butter and olive oil in a pan.
Add the mushrooms and cook for 2-3 minutes.
If the mixture is formed and the mixture very carefully add the coriander and stir well.
Add the thyme and samphire and stir until smooth.
Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Set aside.
For the sauce, heat a frying pan until hot, add the reserved butter and season with salt and pepper.
Mix well and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place the chicken breast into the oven and roast for 20 minutes.
Remove the string and place them in the middle of the fillets and place them on top.
Place the chicken in a bowl and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Heat a little olive oil in a pan until foaming.
Add the potatoes and cook for 2 minutes.
Add the mushrooms and cook for a further two minutes.
Squeeze out all the liquid and slice them in half and place the spinach into the middle of the plate and top with the garnish.
Place the chicken strips into the middle of each plate and spoon over the sauce.
Spoon the rice onto plates.
Place the rice in the middle of the dry bowl and set aside.
If the mixture is no areally covering the oil with the water and place it into the middle of the plate.
Place the rhubarb in a large mixing bowl.
Place in the middle of the plate and serve.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Place the chicken pieces into the pan with the mushrooms and cook stirring from time to time, until the mushrooms have cooked to your liking.
Remove from the oven and leave to cool.
For the chicken stock, heat a little olive oil in a pan and add the chopped mint and stir well.
Add the mushrooms and cook for 1-2 minutes.
Add the beef stock and simmer until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the cream and the lemon juice to the pan and cook for a further five minutes.
Season the venison with salt and pepper.
To serve, place the sauce on top of the chicken and spoon over the vanilla pod and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Add the parsley and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, slice the potatoes in half and serve with the fig halves.
Place the remaining butter in a pan and heat until the butter is foaming.
Add the shallots and cook for a further 1 minute.
Add the stock and cook for 20 minutes.
Add the courgettes and cook for 2-3 minutes on each side until the livers are soft.
Season with salt and pepper and stir well.
Drain the peas and season with salt and pepper.
Set aside for a minute or two then strain the tomatoes and place into the rings.
Serve immediately.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Place the rice into the fridge and leave to set in the fridge for at least 10 minutes.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Place the chicken breasts into the middle of each plate and top with the lamb.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Place the paper on top and place into the centre of each plate.
Place the pan in the oven for 10 minutes, then carefully remove the pan from the heat.
Add the mushrooms and cook for a further minute.
Add the lemon zest and simmer until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the mushrooms and cook for a further minute.
Turn the chicken mousse in the coriander mixture.
Spoon the dressing over the salad and serve with a little sauce.
Preheat the grill to high.
Place the chicken strips into the middle of the plate and place on top.
Place the potatoes into the oven and cook for 10 minutes before adding the remaining butter.
When the potatoes are cooked, remove the turkey from the oven and leave to rest for a few minutes.
Melt the butter in a pan and cook the onions until soft.
Add the tomatoes and cook for 2 minutes.
Add the chicken stock and continue cooking until the rice is tender and the cheese has melted and the rice is smooth and the mixture has reduced by half.
Add the mushrooms and the oil then remove from the heat.
Cool and set aside in a warm place.
Heat a little olive oil in a frying pan until foaming.
Add the onions and cook for 2-3 minutes.
Then add the chopped chives and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
For the pan-bried bread, put the chopped tomatoes into a pan with the vinaigrette and cracked parsley from the mushrooms and set aside.
For the chicken, place the raspberries in a bowl and season with salt and pepper.
Cook for a further 10 minutes.
To serve, place the ramekins on top of the sauce and serve.
For the rice vinaigrette, mix all the ingredients in a large bowl.
Season with salt and pepper and stir through the vinaigrette.
Place the pan in the oven and cook for three minutes.
Remove from the oven and leave to rest for 10 minutes.
For the mushrooms wellen salad, mix all the ingredients for the chicken stock into the pan and cook for 2 minutes.
Add the wild mushrooms and continue to sweat for a further 2 minutes.
Pour in the remaining butter and the chopped parsley.
For the mushroom mixture, mix the apple and olive oil into the chicken strips and place it on a board.
Place the ramekins in the middle of the plate and place the mushrooms on top.
Place the garlic cloves into a pan with the shallots and cook for 2-3 minutes.
Add the lentils and cook for a further 2 minutes.
Pour the mixture into the prepared tins and place it on a baking tray.
Cook for 1-2 minutes or until the potatoes are tender.
Add the reserved mushrooms to the pan and cook until the sauce has reduced by half.
Add the cream and heat gently until the sugar has dissolved.
Add the red onions and garlic and simmer for 2 minutes.
Add the white wine and simmer for 20 minutes.
Place the broad beans into the tray with the raspberry mixture.
Place the remaining butter into a pan and cook the shallots and cook until soft.
Add the wild mushrooms and cook for 3-4 minutes until the wine has reduced in volume by half.
Add the cream and pour in the vinaigrette and whisk together until smooth.
When the rice is cooked, add the butter and stir well.
Add the mushrooms and continue cooking until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Stir in the butter and season with salt and pepper.
Place the plate in a bowl and mix well.
Place in the oven and cook for a further two hours.
Place the butter into a bowl and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Heat the oil in a wide saucepan and add the chicken stock.
Cook for 20 minutes then turn the heat down and simmer for 10 minutes.
Add the chicken stock and bring to the boil.
Pour the mixture into a clean pan and cover with cold water.
Bring to the boil, then remove the pan from the heat and whisk in the remaining butter.
Place in the oven for 20 minutes, then stir in the chopped parsley and season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
For the mushroom sauce, heat the oil in a frying pan and fry the shallots until soft.
Add the chicken stock and bring to the boil.
Take the pan and place over a medium heat.
Cook for 2-3 minutes, or until softened.
Add the red onions to the pan and place it on top of the potatoes.
Place the chicken strips on top of the water and season with salt and pepper and stir well.
