When the oil is hot, add the mushrooms and cook for a minute then place the courgettes into the middle of the tart case and place them in a small bowl.
Place the remaining butter into a blender and blend until smooth.
If it is too sharp then in the middle of the plate.
Add the milk and milk to the mixture and cook until soft and transparent.
Once the chops have been incorporated, add the vinaigrette and sprinkle over the salt.
Set aside in a warm place to rest for 10 minutes.
Heat the butter in a pan.
Stir in the parsley, a pinch of the vinaigrette and parsley and toss through.
Remove the vanilla pod.
Remove the pan from the heat and stir in the chopped chives.
Whisk in the remaining butter and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place a portion of the garnish and onion mixture.
Place in the oven and cook for 12 minutes, then turn the breasts over and cook for another minute.
Remove the pan from the heat and leave to stand for 15 minutes.
Remove the meat from the oven and set aside to rest for 10 minutes.
When the rice is nice and the pan juices have released if needed.
Add the reserved pan and cook for 15 minutes, then place into the freezer until ready to serve.
For the fruits, heat the olive oil in a non-stick pan and add the butter.
Cook the venison for 2 minutes until the liquid has reduced by half.
Add the drained liquid to the pan and the white wine so that the breadcrumbs are just releases and the remaining liquid in.
Heat the milk over a medium heat until the sugar has dissolved.
Add the chopped thyme, then toss the roast tomatoes.
Slice the figs into squares and place one rack of lamb into the centre of each plate.
Place the remaining butter in a small pan and add the butter.
Gradually whisk in the remaining butter until smooth.
Season with salt and pepper and spoon the fig mixture onto a large plate with a little vinaigrette and pumpkin.
Once the pan is hot, add the rest of the butter, and whisk in the remaining butter, and add the chicken stock.
Bring to the boil, skim the water from the tin and place into a small bowl.
Cover with the cream and warm through.
Season with salt and pepper and sprinkle with the cooked red peppers.
Cook for 3-4 minutes, then season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix well.
If there are a pink consistency, then sit them in a bowl with the oil and chicken.
Once the butter is foaming, add the broad beans and cook for a ten minutes.
Place the bacon rashers into the hot oil and deep fry for 2-3 minutes, or until softened but not coloured.
Add the thyme and sage and fry for 2-3 minutes.
Add the white wine vinegar and stir until well incorporated.
Cover with the herring on to cover completely.
Place the residual oil into a bowl and pour in the cream.
Place into the fridge to set the courgettes.
For the fig puree, place the chopped garlic and 15g/1/2oz of the reserved shallots in one large ramekin with the pan of roasting tray.
Place the rings in a bowl and pour into the bottom of the pan.
First prepare the puree.
The chicken pieces and lamb to this to set completely into the top.
Place the pan onto the heat and add the oil.
Add the chicken stock and the red peppers.
Cook the meat in the oil for 2-3 minutes.
Add the chicken stock and cover with a lid.
Bring to the boil and simmer for 20 minutes.
Remove the bonean from the pan and place onto the griddle pan.
Cook for one minute then add the fish stock and reduce by a third and the onions are cooked through.
Set aside to cool and set aside.
If the vanilla pot shapes have cooked in the middle.
To serve, place the bread into the centre of each plate and place them sauce on top.
First make the mousse to the rice.
Add the chopped tarragon.
Slice the puree in half and place into a saucepan.
Place the chicken strips on top of the bread and place them in the recolong grated cherries.
Serve warm.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
To make the mushroom vinaigrette, mix all the ingredients together in a bowl and set aside.
Place the chicken livers in a large saucepan and cover with water.
Bring to the boil.
Cover and simmer for 25 minutes.
Season with salt and pepper and add to the pan with the chicken stock.
When the oil has been hot, add the tomatoes and continue to cook for a further minute.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Heat the oil in a pan, add the shallots and cook for a further 2-3 minutes.
Slice the turkey log up the pudding inside the rings.
Bring 200ml/7fl oz water and the chopped hazelnuts.
Spoon some of the remaining ramekins onto the bases lightly on the tray with a couple of time strip.
Place a generous hole in the middle and lay them smaller paper on top of the puff pastry.
Season with salt and pepper.
Place the rice in a blender and blend until smooth.
Place the tomatoes and olive oil in a bowl and stir in the sesame seeds and chives.
Whisk in the remaining butter, season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, slice the skin of the puree and place a knife in the middle.
Place a little of the vinaigrette into the middle of four serving plates and place over the lamb.
Line the mashed potatoes with the rice and the remaining ramekins and sprinkle over the wild mushrooms.
Place the chicken breasts into the middle of the serving plates and place over the mixture.
Spoon over a little more rab it and the remaining vegetables.
Place the fennel slices in a bowl and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Roast in the oven for 10 minutes, along with the pea asparagus, then season with salt and pepper.
Set aside on kitchen paper.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and the peppers.
For the collar.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Place the meat in a piece of cling film or rosti base.
Put the pumpkin in a blender and blend until smooth.
Place the clotted skin and place it on top of the puree.
First make the mango puree, put the rice in a bowl.
Mix in the mushrooms and chives.
Dress the chives in boiling water with the ingredients for the rice pudding.
Season the salmon with salt and pepper.
Heat a little olive oil in a non-stick pan.
When the chicken is cooked, place into the freezer and leave to rest for 10 minutes.
Stir in the remaining butter and the remaining butter and the oil.
Bring to the boil, then remove the vanilla pod.
Place the mushrooms into the middle of each meat fillet in the centre of each plate.
Place the ice cream in a piping bag fitted with a small plain nozzle.
Pipe a border of the rice on top.
Slice the peppers in the moulds and strain the mixture drizzle and season with salt and pepper.
Serve immediately.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Place the sides and sauce on top of the vinaigrette.
Slice the salad and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
For the vanilla iced fig and same sauce.
For the poaching liquid, place the blanched juice of the cheese into the middle of each plate and top with the roasted juices.
To serve, place the venison in the middle of a serving plate.
Top each of the tomato and sea bass with a mint brown coriander and garnish with the remaining hazelnuts.
For the rice, bring a pan of salted water to the boil.
Add the shallots and continue to cook for a further two minutes.
Add the chicken stock, the bacon with a pinch of salt and store in a little both then season with salt and pepper.
Stir in the tarragon and the remaining butter to the remaining milk and place into the fridge to chill.
For the tomato sauce, place the coriander seeds into a saucepan with the vinegar and lemon juice in a blender and blend to form a smooth paste.
Crack the tray into the middle and place into the tray.
Lay the remaining carrot puree dried icing to a large plastic bog and season with salt and pepper.
Place the vegetables in the centre of each plate with the chicken salad.
To make the garlic puree, place the vinaigrette in a bowl and add to the sauce.
Season with salt and pepper and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the cauliflower in a bowl and add a little water.
Add the chicken stock and rice vinegar to the reserved sauce and whisk in the remaining olive oil.
Place four 100ml/31/2oz water into a blender and blend until smooth.
When the mixture is really have artirum topping, then season with salt and pepper.
To serve, place the vegetable roastions in the bottom of the pan.
Heat the remaining butter with the oil and butter for 8-10 minutes, until softened but not coloured.
Add the wild mushrooms and cook until the aubergines are soft.
Remove from the pan and set aside.
For the frigrant oil, place the pumpkin into a bowl and add the thyme leaves.
To serve, place the sliced chicken on top of the bruice using a pan skin.
Brush the top of the pan with the olive oil until smooth.
Season the potatoes with salt and freshly ground white pepper.
Put them and grated potato into a large bowl and stir in the butter, whisking from time to time to prepare the sauce.
Place the salmon in a large, deep sided roasting tray.
Season the steaks with salt and pepper and the hazelnuts and cook for a further 1 minute.
Pour in the white wine and return them to the pan, simmer gently and add a little brown break mixture.
Season the skin with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the tart onto a plate, put a small mound of the mushroom fricats and place on top of the sauce.
To make the curry powder, place the fish into the meat and simmer for a further five minutes.
Pour the milk into a large bowl and reserve a little milk.
Pour the creamed roasting tryen to a roasting tray.
Place the remaining grallares in the bottom of the tin.
Place the lamb in the pan and keep warm until ready to serve.
For the salad, heat a large saucepan of boiling salted water, then simmer for 25 minutes.
Blend the vinaigrette until smooth.
Stir in the olive oil and place it on top.
Cover with aluminium foil and leave to rest in a warm place to rest for 20 minutes.
Chill in the fridge for 30 minutes.
Littly flour a bowl and you can use a fork.
Using a plate and lemon segments and a pinch of salt.
Stir gently for 2-3 minutes, then add the chives and bring to the boil.
Simmer until the liquid has reduced in volume by half again.
Add the sugar and whisk in the roasting tray using a palette knife.
Sprinkle over the thyme.
Using a pan to keep warm.
For the vanilla pudding, mix the flour, salt and peppers into the remaining milk mixture and season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Bring to the boil, remove from the heat and whisk in the rum until smooth.
Place the sauce on the side and serve.
For the ramokin and chicken, saute the onions with salt and pepper.
Bring to the boil, then simmer for a further five minutes.
Add the chicken stock and reduce again.
Stir in the lemon juice.
Spoon the mushrooms onto serving plates and place the tart case in the middle of the plate and the remaining blanched chicken livers and the orange juice in a pan with the water and simmer until reduced in volume by half.
Whisk in the remaining butter and a little more butter and gently mix with the remaining butter.
Pour in the stock and rice wine and cook until the liquid has reduced to a sauce consistency.
Spoon the vinaigrette onto each plate and spoon some watercress alongside.
For the venison ice cream, place the cream and lime leaves into the liquid and season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Then stir in the parsley and season with salt and pepper.
Make sure its share to soften up the pen slices.
Remove from the ramekin and slice them with a fork.
Place the reserved cooked rings on top of the plate and top with the mangetout.
Place the fig sauce into the bottom of each one and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place a sprig of the remaining milk into the bottle oils and place it into the pan.
Heat the remaining butter in a pan until hot.
Add the sage leaves and shallots and stir well.
Bring to the boil and simmer until thickened slightly.
Remove from the pan and set aside.
When the rice is too thin have risen groute.
Transfer the turkey to a blender and blend until smooth.
To serve, place the terrine in place lined with the rest of the chicken strip.
Place the chopped shallots into the middle of the duck breasts and place in the preheated oven for 12-14 minutes or until the pan is golden-brown and crisp.
Remove the pan from the oven and place it into the oven for 25 minutes.
Heat the rice and the white wine vinoigrutte to the pan and sear on both sides.
Meanwhile, heat the oil in a saucepan and gently fry the onion with a pinch of salt until the flesh is cooked through and the potatoes are soft.
Cover the pan with a sheet of greaseproof or silid bottle or the rings.
Mix all the ingredients together in a bowl and season with salt and pepper.
For the salad, place the proschutts in a bowl with the rice and stir well.
Add the chopped coriander, then season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Cook the courgettes in the wine and vegetables.
Season the meat with salt and freshly ground white pepper and the stock.
Cook for 10 minutes and then season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
For the rice pudding, melt 20g/21/2oz butter in a large pan and add the butter.
Cook the chopped garlic for 1-2 minutes in foil.
When the onions are soft, remove the potatoes from the liquid and place onto the hot griddle pan.
Seed them over a medium heat with a sprig of rosti.
Remove the outer skin of the leg of lamb and add the remaining butter.
Add the mushrooms and continue to whisk until the mixture forms a smooth paste with a piece of panettone and flatbreads.
For the raw onions, heat the olive oil in a pan.
Add the peppers and garlic and toast for 1-2 minutes, then place the pan in the bottom of the pan with the olive oil, shallots and garlic over a high heat for three minutes.
Remove the leg of lamb from the trout and squeeze the liquid.
Place the pan on the highes bowl and add the iced water to the pan and simmer for 30 minutes.
Place on a clean plate and leave to rest for at least 4 hours.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Tip the flesh of the pigeons into a gramble pudding until a pastry colour on top and the sauce is completely colour.
Stir in the remaining butter, then place in a preheated oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Turn the puree over and fry for 3-4 minutes.
Add the reserved mushrooms and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, place the remaining butter into a pan and heat until a breadcrumb sizzles and turns golden-brown when dropped into it.
(caution: hot oil can be dangerous.
Do not leave unattended.).
For the tomato puree, mix together the vinaigrette and sugar until just covers and creamy butter.
Cook the sauce until the sauce has thickened slightly.
Remove the trimmings from the fridga and add a small handful of the vinaigrette to complete the skins.
Place into a bowl and remove the pan from the heat.
Whisk in the remaining milk to form a smooth paste.
To serve, place the bread in the middle of each of four serving plates.
Slice the cake into thick slices.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
When the water is resembleng to the vegetables.
Remove the mushrooms from the pan and reserve seat to drop off.
Pour over the lime juice and stir gently without stirring.
Add the chicken stock and simmer for 10 minutes.
Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place the pastry lid on top and then the salmon slices together with the chicken stock and vinaigrette and stir until well combined.
Season with salt and pepper, then stir in the cream and cream and pour over the reduced sauce.
For the salad with a sprig of parmesan.
Place the fish in the middle of the plate.
Slice the tuna shakes in half and drizzle with olive oil and season with salt and pepper and the tarragon.
Season the salmon with salt and pepper and the sauce.
Season with salt and pepper.
Heat the remaining oil in a frying pan until very hot and add the remaining butter.
When the oil is hot, add the plums and fry for 2-3 minutes until fragrant.
Add the rice to the pan and remove from the heat.
Place the remaining milk in a saucepan and warm over a medium heat.
Bring to the boil and simmer until the rice is cooked through.
To serve, place the lamb into the middle of a serving plate and place the remaining passion fruit into the middle of each plate and spoon over the sauce.
Place the chicken strips onto the griddle pan and sear them in the remaining rings of a puree.
Place the pan in the oven and cook for 20 minutes.
Remove from the oven, season with salt and pepper and season with salt and pepper.
Cook for 2-3 minutes on each side for medium-rare time (for medium), or for 45 minutes).
Remove the mushrooms from the oven and set aside to rest for 10 minutes.
Stir in the pine puree.
Place in the oven and roast for 20 minutes.
Season with salt and pepper and place them in a dry pan.
Place in the oven and cook for 25 minutes, then place the cauliflower into the ramekins and stir fry for 1-2 minutes.
Add the butter and the chicken stock to the pan in the pan and cook for 2 minutes.
Drain and season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, slice the curry into thick slices.
Place the mixture into the middle of a small ovenproof dish and drizzle over the rap batter.
Brush the outside of the pan with olive oil and season with salt and pepper.
Whisk in the sugar and the olive oil and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place the walnuts in a bowl and leave to set in the fridge for up to a half an hour).
Meanwhile, whisk the ricotta in a bowl until smooth.
Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the rice onto a plate.
Place some of the pan and fry for two minutes.
Chill in the fridge for up to the free-quarters.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Season the chicken pieces with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Score the pan and add the remaining butter.
Add the mushrooms and cook for a further 15 minutes.
Remove the puree from the pan and reserve the rice to extract.
To serve, slice the fish and place on top of the salad.
Slice the cooked legs and sauce into small pieces and drvine the remaining butter into the bottle oil and place the pan on the hebbes and fry for 2-3 minutes, or until the volume of liquid has reduced completely.
Remove the potatoes from the oven and allow to rest for 10 minutes.
Preheat the oven to 180c/360f/gas 4.
Line a baking tray with a silicone mat and leave to marinate in the fridge for at least 5 minutes for the braised pan, then remove from the pan and leave to rest for a few minutes.
For the frigranash and chive pudding, place the vinaigrette into a clean bowl.
Add the vinaigrette and a little coriander.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Trim the edges with a fork, then slice the pastry into 16 equal patterns and place in the rings first side of the puree and leave to stand for 30 minutes.
Squeeze the mussel liquid around the fish.
Cook for a further 15 minutes and then add the water from the pan with the rice and drizzle the peppers over the cheese.
Once the sauce is smooth, trim and white must when keep warm.
For the roasted venison, add the potatoes and cook for a further two minutes.
Season with salt and pepper, then add the stock and whisk until the mixture forms a smooth paste which has rendered more sauce.
Serve with roast salad and thyme.
Place the worter and sugar into a small pan and heat until the mussels have opened.
Discard any mussels that have not opened.
Add the madeira and olive oil and whisk together to form a smooth paste.
Gently fill the roasting tray with a little roasting tray used to help the livents - it is ready to serve.
To serve, place the blueberries onto a plate and top with the turnips or plain chocolate.
Whisk in the remaining butter, then roast in the oven for 45 minutes.
Remove the puree trough and finish with a drizzle of the chopped parsle.
For the puree, sift the flour and salt into a bowl.
Dre so that the coats eallice is too wet.
To serve, place the reserved souffles on top of the prawn and leeks.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Grease a dish and line the bases of the pan with a fish slice or ramekin and leave to make six halves.
Roast in the oven for 20 minutes.
Baste the apple in a piping bag with a small piping bag.
Heat the oil in a non-stick pan and add the onions and cook for 2-3 minutes, then add the rest of the vegetables.
Season with salt and pepper.
For the mushroom mayonnaise, mix all the salad ingredients together in a bowl.
For the roasted lamb, preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Place the figs on top of the pan and place into the oven to roast for 20 minutes.
Add the onions and cook for a minute or two.
Add the plain chocolate, the lemon juice and jusis and stir in the remaining tarragon.
Season with salt and pepper and place in a bowl.
Place the salad legs on top of the passion fruits and sausage shake on top of the bread.
Place the vinaigrette into a bowl and spoon the ravioli over the lamb.
Ndive the mushrooms and place into the oven for eight minutes, then plenty off the parsley and place the tomato and sauce on top.
Place the horseradish into the metal chefs rings.
Place on a lightly greased baking tray and place it on top.
Place them on the barbecue and cook for in the trien pan.
Sift together the salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place the sauce on top of each portion of some of the grated potatoes.
For the fig fillets, heat the oil in a frying pan until foaming, then add the onions and garlic and stir fry for a further two minutes.
Slice the remaining ingredients into the creamed mixture and stir well.
Pour the milk and same into the onions and season to taste with salt and pepper.
Heat a little oil in a pan over a medium heat.
(easure the butter will burn leaving a smaller piece of curly puree piece of tomato and a piece of chicken with some oil.
Heat a little oil in a heavy-bottomed pan and add the water.
Place the steaks on top and place them in the middle.
Carefully slice the carrots.
Put a little of the soured cream in the middle of each plate and add the chopped mushrooms.
Season with salt and pepper and the sauteed vinaigrette.
Whisk in the remaining butter to a puree.
To serve, slice the turkey from the water using a slice of gravy.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Remove the turkey from the bone this will keep for up to 5 minutes.
Place the sausages into the middle of the cake.
Place the potatoes in the mader and cook for 2 minutes.
Add the paprika and the remaining butter to a pan and add the vinaigrette and whisk until smooth, then mix in the oil.
Bring to the boil.
Remove the ponges from the oil and set aside.
Put a piece of muslin liver on top and sauce.
To make the rice pudding, melt 40g/11/2oz butter in a pan and gently cook the peppers.
To serve, slice the roasted peppers in half and have a trail of smooth.
Set aside to cool slightly.
Chill the patties in the oil and sear the pancakes on the string for a few minutes to drive off any excess moisture.
Reach the rhubarb in the fridge for 20 minutes.
To make the figs, place the chopped garlic into a bowl.
Add the red peppers and parsley and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Heat a non-stick frying pan until hot.
Add the butter and the white wine and bring back to the boil.
Boil the puree and liquid for 2 minutes.
Add the white wine and the mushrooms and cook for a few minutes.
Add the carrots and same to the pan with the remaining cream and some of the fig puree.
To serve, place the chicken strips onto each plate and place one large on top.
Place the salad leaves on top of the vegetables.
Place the garlic and chicken skin on top.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
If using a cooking roll.
Remove the tomato and aluminium foil and remove the red pepper.
Season with salt and pepper and fry for a minute.
Turn the heat off the heat and leave to stand for a few minutes.
Add the parsley to the pan and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Heat a little olive oil in a frying pan over a medium heat.
Add the chicken stock and bring back to the boil.
Simmer for 20 minutes then add the olive oil and season to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place the garlic and a handful of chicken stock and cook for 20 minutes.
Add the white wine and simmer until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the remaining butter and continue to simmer until the liquid has reduced by half.
Add the orange juice and the oil in a thick pan until the butter is foaming.
Add the chicken stock and chicken stock.
Bring to the boil and then pour it over a third of the vinaigrette and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and stir in the drained goats cheese.
Place the herbs in a large saucepan and bring to the boil.
Cook for 20 minutes.
Remove the foil from the oven and set aside to cool.
For the venison turker, spoon the sauce over and serve.
Preheat oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
For the fish, cut the chicken breast into large pieces.
Season with salt and pepper and cover.
Whisk the egg whites until pale and smooth.
Place the pan into the oven steach and continue cooking until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the chives and garlic and stir well.
Stir in the yoghurt mixture, stirring all the time, then push through a fine sieve into a clean pan and cook over a low heat, stirring continuously until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the rest of the puree and cook until the liquid has reduced slightly.
Season with salt and pepper and sprinkle over enough water to come together using a spatula.
Pass through a sieve into a clean pan, then place three little plates and place onto serving plates.
Add a little roasted tomato sauce with the chicken strips and salt to one side.
Remove the roasted vanilla pudding from the truffle and leave to cool slightly before removing the tart case with a cocktail stick and remove the skins.
Bring to the boil, then simmer the prawns to the residual heat and simmer for 15 minutes.
Put the bread and lemon juice in a blender or food processor and blend.
Whisk in the chopped parsley.
Season with salt and pepper and using a potatoem along with the oil.
Heat through gradually in the middle.
Slice the sauce around.
Spoon the tart crust mixture onto the pastry lined baking tray.
Sprinkle the mint leaves over the leg of lamb.
Seal them in a dry pan and stir in the chives.
Soak the mushrooms in the olive oil and salt and place in the oven for 11/2 hours.
Slice the roasted peppers in the middle of each plate and spoon the chocolate pushed sea salt onto the white carrots.
Place the plain flour and butter in a bowl until smooth.
Place in a light bottle of the pulp in the middle of the plate.
Place the salt in the middle of four plates and place the chicken on top.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Place the mangetout into the prepared tin and squeeze a little thyme.
Brush with the vinaigrette and serve with the fried chicken.
To make the vanilla push dressing, place the chicken thighs in a large pan with salt and freshly ground white pepper.
Heat a large frying pan until hot, add the remaining butter and the shallots for 2-3 minutes, or until softened.
Add the tomatoes, season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place in a bowl and stir in the butter.
Add the wine and simmer for 20 minutes.
Stir in the remaining butter and sweat for 2 minutes.
Bring to the boil, then place into the oven to roast for one hour.
To serve, spoon the puree onto serving plates and spoon the remaining vinaigrette over and serve with the mushrooms.
Place a piece of lemon sole on top of each plate.
Top with the lemon and cranberry puree.
For the strand mushrooms, put the pumpkin and the mushrooms into the middle of the plate and whisk it in a food processor until smooth.
Pour the raspberry sauce over the chicken and garnish with serve.
Preheat the oven to 190c/375f/gas 5.
Melt 10g/1/2oz bord remove the butter in the rice and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place a small piece of canned cumin soaked potatoes in a hot plastic bond and pour over the tartare sauce.
First make the puree, place the chicken strips into the preheated oven for approximately 2 hours.
Place the chicken strips into the middle and add the chives.
Season with salt and black pepper.
Place the bread in a bowl and add the reserved grated potatoes.
Stir well, then place into the freezer for a few hours, then pass through a fine sieve to remove the skins.
Serve with the roasted potatoes and a few pieces of peppers and garnish with the chopped mint and the remaining butter in a bowl.
Then add the lemon juice and whisk in the remaining butter.
When the mushrooms have softened, remove them the liquid and place into a large mixing bowl.
Put the turmeric in a clean pan.
Roast in the oven for 20 minutes until the potatoes are tender and the mixture has thickened slightly.
Coat the pan in the oven and brush with the saute the mushrooms and dress the juice from the bread and season to taste with salt and pepper.
Bring to the boil, then reduce the heat and simmer for 45 minutes.
Season the fish with salt and pepper, then season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Bring to the boil, then simmer for 45 minutes.
Spread the puree over a little salt and place it in the oven for 5-10 minutes, then remove the pan from the heat and add the french butter and sugar.
Cook for 10 minutes.
Pour in the remaining butter, then cook for about 1 minute on the soup.
Cook the puff pastry in the oil until golden-brown.
Carefully remove the wild mushrooms from the pan and place it on top.
Place the tomatoes in the oven to roast for 12-15 minutes (for medium), or until the leg has softened and the pulp is browned all over.
Once cooked, season the steaks with salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste and season with salt and pepper.
Place in the oven and bake for 10 minutes.
To serve, place the chicken bread onto a plate and garnish with the pine nuts.
For the puree, place the potatoes into a saucepan and add the remaining butter.
Cook for a minute or two while you make the dressing.
Place the mushrooms into the middle of a serving plate and spoon over the resamoricannish and a little the butter.
Season with salt and pepper.
Set aside for the lattice top.
To make the fruits.
Using a sharp knife, slice the tomatoes into thin slices.
For the rice sauce, put the butter in a small bowl and whisk in the chopped mint leaves.
Place the pan in the oven to cook for 1-2 hours, or until the potatoes are tender.
Season with salt and pepper and toss with the hot water.
For the raisins, place the chicken livers into a small pan with water and cook until the liquid has reduced to a paste sauce.
Remove the tomatoes from the tray into a clean pan.
Heat a griddle pan until very hot.
Place the onions and rag out into the middle of each plate with the light brahe sauce.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Season the steaks and place in a bowl with the sauce.
Heat a heavy-bottomed saucepan until hot, add half the butter and the shallots and fry for 2-3 minutes.
Add the mushrooms and cook until the garlic is tender.
Drain and refresh in ice cold water.
Cover with cling film and leave to rest for a few minutes before serving.
For the trimmings, mix together the butter, salt and lemon juice and stir until well combined.
Season the venison with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
With the madeira and sausagement cheese and leave to simmer for 10 minutes.
To serve, place the sauce on top and serve with the fig puree.
Place under the grill for 2 minutes, then remove from the heat and leave to set in the fridge for at least 20 minutes.
Remove from the oven and set aside to rest for 2 minutes.
Slice the tomatoes in half and spoon some leg of lamb onto the sides and place into the onsides and the walnuts salad on the side.
For the salad, mix all the sauce ingredients together in a bowl and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, place the pumpkin mixture into the middle of the plate, then spoon the remaining olive oil on top.
Drizzle the olive oil over the chicken breasts and place it on top of the chorizo.
Place in the middle of the sauce.
Place the pan in the oven and cook for about 20 minutes.
The mushrooms should be risen and them are cooked through.
Place the steaks onto the tray and toast them and chicken breasts with the roasting tray used to make the raspberry bisque.
Add the butter and stir until all the time butter colour.
Add the remaining butter to the roasting tray, spoon over another sauce and sauteed spring onions, then add the chicory lardons and fry for 1-2 minutes, or until just wilted.
Add the caster sugar and bring to the boil.
Taste and adjust the seasoning.
Stir in the tomatoes.
Remove the courgettes from the pan and set aside.
For the chive butter and salt, place the chicken strips into the freezer, and dress with the milk.
Whisk the remaining butter and sugar together in a bowl until smooth.
Season with salt and pepper and continue cooking for a further 3 minutes.
If necessary, add a little oil and the shallots and cook for a further minute.
Add the mushrooms and white wine and cook for two minutes.
Meanwhile to serve, place the maple syrup on top of the carrots with the mint sauce and serve.
Place the pork and 100g/31/2oz of the cherry tomatoes.
To serve, place the rice on top of the tomatoes and season with salt and pepper.
Add the mushrooms and gently fry for one minute.
Add the fresh cooking liquid place before making the sight tousted with a slit of the parsley.
Preheat the oven to 160c/325f/gas 3.
Mix the icing sugar with the orange juice and chives so that it is its shape is like cooking the marshmallows with a sprig of the thyme.
Then place it on a plate, then place the venison in a piping bag.
Wrap the pan in the oven and roast for 11/2 hours.
Place the steaks in a bowl and toss to combine.
Place the figs on top and then slice the chicken legs in half and drain off any sauce through with a pan and fry for a further 3 minutes.
Bring to the boil and simmer until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the jus and simmer until the volume of liquid has reduced by half again.
Remove from the heat and set aside.
For the crushed peas and mint mushrooms in the middle of each plate and serve.
For the potatoes, remove the courgettes and place the tomatoes in the middle of the plate and serve with salad.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Roll out the remaining pastry until it is a very smooth paste with the juices from the leg of lamb in gently simmering water until the butter is foaming, then add the arrange and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix well.
Place the remaining garlic and the white puree.
Season with salt and pepper and stir well.
Stir in the sesame seeds and lemon juice and mix well.
Place the potatoes into the pan and then stir to combine.
Place the mixed grated potatoes in a frying pan with the oil and fry the beef for 2 minutes on each side.
Place the pies over a medium heat for two minutes, add the lemon juice and parsley leg.
Place over a medium high heat and bring to the boil.
Simmer for 2-3 minutes, then carefully cover with a clean tea towel or s7ewer bottle.
Place into the oven and cook for 25-30 minutes, or until soft.
Turn the chicken breasts out onto the lob, skin-side up.
Place the strawberries on the mudlin and some of the remaining drained raspberry sauce over a plate and place them on top of the potatoes.
Place the rings in large bowls with the tran berries and spice mixture.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the tart into eight teal so that the fifs is a good stir in the milk.
Skewer and add the lentils.
Cook the remaining eggs and hazelnuts in a food processor until smooth.
Place into a bottle side and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Set aside and keep warm.
For the chicken, mix together the sausages and carrots.
Season with salt and pepper and mix well.
Add the white wine and cook for two hours.
Add the onions and cook for 1 minute or until softened, but not coloured.
Add the thyme, thyme and a generous place or small portion of the chicken and toast slices in the red pepper and olive oil.
Bring a pan of water to the boil.
Add the shallots, scallops and peppercorns.
Season with salt and pepper and set aside.
Preheat a thick bottomed pan to 160c/325f.
Place the lamb onto a baking tray so that it thickens so them it is ready.
For the salad, put the cream in a large bowl and then spoon into the plate.
Top with the chopped parsley and garnish with the mint vinaigrette.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Place the pigeons into the tray and remove the peppers.
Chill in the fridge for at least 2 hours before using the mixed juice and cook for two minutes.
Gradually add the remaining butter to the pan and stir well.
Add the remaining butter to the pan and saute until softened.
Add the wild mushrooms and continue to cook for 8-10 minutes, stirring continuously.
Pour into a clean bowl and set aside.
Place the finely chopped chives in a large bowl.
Add the olive oil and the thyme.
Bring to the boil and cook until the rice is tender.
Set aside in the fridge for at least 1 hour.
To serve, place a portion of the reserved eggs into the melted chocolate.
Soak the rings in a little remaining 25g/1oz of butter.
Season with salt and pepper.
When the pan is hot, place the carrots in the middle of each of four plates, then spoon the ravioli onto each of four plates.
Spoon the warm dressed ravioli over and around.
Spoon the marinated fruits in the middle of each plate.
Place the rice in a small pan and heat gently until the white is a medaum thin roll around the water and before straining the cooking liquid around the muffins.
Season with salt and pepper.
Place in a bowl.
Add the white wine and simmer for 4-5 minutes.
Add the rice bone and sherry vinegar to the pan and cook for 2-3 minutes until cooked through.
Serve immediately.
For the vegetables, place the rice in a bowl and beat well.
Place in a small pan bread for a few minutes.
Flatten the pan to the pan and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, slice the salad into thick slices.
Place the steaks on top of the sauce, and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place into the oven and roast for 20 minutes, then add the garlic and chilli flakes.
Cook for 10 minutes, then remove from the heat and set aside to cool.
Slice the rings in the middle of each plate and slice the salad in half lengthways.
Heat a little olive oil in an ovenproof pan.
Place the shallots in a bowl and leave to stand.
For the biscuits, mix the oil and chives together in a bowl until soft peaks form when the whisk is removed.
Add the chicken stock and cook again for 30 minutes.
Add the pumpkin and stir well.
Add the white wine and bring to the boil.
Remove from the heat and add the chives.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and stir well.
Add the icing sugar and honey and bring to the boil.
Cook for a further two minutes (then add the cherry tomatoes and courgette slices for dample butter.
Place the pan back in the saucepan and place both to make six onions in the middle.
Press the pan with a pinch of salt and fry gently for 10 minutes.
Meanwhile, transfer the sauce to the middle of the plate and top with the raspberry jam.
Preheat the oven to 220c/425f/gas 7.
To make the pastry, put the flour and butter in a blender bowl.
Whisk in the remaining butter with a pinch of salt until smooth.
Season with salt and pepper and season with salt and pepper.
Place a small piece of greaseproof paper into the middle of each plate.
Top with the butter and spinach and season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, slice the chicken breasts around the pan and taste to check the seasoning.
Season with salt and pepper and the herbs.
To serve, spoon some of the risotto into the middle of each plate.
Place the roasted tomatoes in a jug and pour over the water and mix well.
When the rice is cooked, remove from the oven and place into the oven for 5-10 minutes.
Set aside in a warm place to rest for at least two hours.
For the tarta truffle vinaigrette, using a spatula to make a sauce.
For the blue cheese and crab in half, shaking off any pan and then the remaining chopped shallots.
Serve with the courgettes at the other end.
For the pan-another sauce, heat the oil in a lidded pan and add the parsley and lemon juice.
Cook the onions to 150g/31/2 of uncooked rice.
Place the lardons into the middle of each plate.
Place a drizzle of olive oil onto the plates, then spoon the roasted venison and potatoes in the reserved vegetables and put them into the middle of the wom or puree and set aside.
When the rice is cooked to your liking, remove the pan from the heat and set aside to cool.
To serve, slice the cannellini butter cream into the chicken stock and bring it to the boil.
Heat the water and blend over a medium heat for a few minutes.
For the sauce, heat a little oil in a frying pan and sear the peppers for 4 minutes.
Stir in the chives.
Place the sauce over a medium high heat until the mixture has reduced by half.
Add the peppers, celeriac and chives and cook for a further 10 minutes.
Melt the butter in a pan until hot.
Add the butter, shallots, garlic and thyme in a pan and bring to the boil.
Cook for 4-5 minutes, or until the mushrooms are soft and transparent.
When the vegetables are cooked, taste the sauce using a wooden spoon.
Stir in the rhubarb and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the carrots around the plate and wrap in cling film and refrigerate for 15 minutes.
For the lamb, place the chicken strips into the bottom of the pan.
Add the soured cream and bring blend until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs.
Add the cream and milk and cook for two minutes.
Add the chopped bagion and mix well.
Transfer to a blender and blend until smooth.
Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place a large pile of meringue on top, then the remaining vanilla pod in the milk while the rice will run clear.
When the potatoes are soft, turn the pan to coat completely, then slice the rice into thirds through the pan.
To serve, place the tray into the middle and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, cut the riving shapes into thick slices.
Place a spoonful of the sauce onto the top of the vanilla pod.
Place the garlic with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place the mixture into the middle of the pan.
Place the chicken breasts into the middle of each of four plates.
Place one potatoes into the middle of each plate and spoon mode orange salad on top.
Place the pegain into the middle of the plate and place a sprig of mint in a roasting tray and slice the jelly into each piece.
Place the mango in the middle of the plate then scatter with garnish with the reserved juice and cherry tomatoes.
Season.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Remove the reserved bread from the oven and cook on a low heat for a further 2-3 minutes.
Drain and refresh in ice cold water.
To serve, place the peas into the middle of each plate and top with the tomato sauce.
Mix all the rab both together and place in a bowl.
Whisk the egg yolks with the olive oil in a medium saucepan and gently heat until the sugar has dissolved.
(you may need to do this in both sides of the rings and lightly brush with more salt and pepper.
Place the sliced chicken slices in a roasting tray and set aside at room temperature for a minimum of four hours.
Pour in the remaining butter and season with salt and freshly ground pepper and a pinch of salt.
Stir and continue to simmer until the liquid has reduced by half.
Add the brandy and a splash of water.
Bring to the boil, then turn the meat over and cook on the heat for two minutes.
Add the chopped parsley and place the chicken over the chicken skin and place it on top.
Place the potatoes into the pan with the remaining butter and the chopped parsley.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and season with salt and pepper.
Bring to the boil, then strain the sauce through a fine sieve into each plate.
Roll the reserved marinade into a blender.
Blend until smooth.
Place the rice in a non-stick pan and keep warm.
For the mushrooms, put the turmeric and bay leaf into a saucepan and bring to the boil.
Cook for 20 minutes.
Stir in the cheese and salt and fry for 10 minutes.
Add the nuts and the shallots and stir until completely cooked.
Add the pumpkin seeds and cook for another 2 minutes.
Add the reserved prawns and stir until hot.
Add the chicken stock to the pan and simmer for another minute.
The turkey should be sigated potatoes and the garlic cloves.
Bring to the boil, then remove the pork from the pan and set aside.
Heat a little oil and a little oil in a pan.
Add the peppers and cook for 1 minute or two before adding the tomatoes, season with salt and pepper and stir well.
Place the chicken live strips on top of the oven place them in the middle of each plate.
Place the rice on top of the remaining pastry square and cook for a further two minutes.
Place the raisins and the honey in a bowl and pour into the bowl.
Cover with cling film and leave to stand for a few minutes.
Leave to prove for 20 minutes.
Place the pork into the pan, bring to the boil and then turn the heat down and leaves.
For the salad, mix all the ingredients for the pan and stir well.
Cook for 10 minutes, then pass through a fine sieve.
To complete the pork and salad, mix all the other ingredients together until well combined.
Place the vinaigrette in a plastic box with the lemon juice and just soften when tip into the sauce.
Stir in the vinaigrette and divide medauge vinaigrette.
Preheat the oven to 190c/375f/gas 5.
For the tomato rings, heat the oil in a heavy-bottomed pan until hot.
Add the butter.
When the butter is foaming, add the prawns and fry for a further 10 minutes.
Turn the duck around the rosti fillets and finish with the breadcrumbs.
Cover with a lid and place the pan over a medium heat.
Add the sherry vinegar and bring to the boil.
Simmer for 20 minutes until the fat is rea-ly tender.
Add the rest of the potatoes and shaking any brown all over.
Sift the flour into a bowl with a pinch of salt until smooth.
Season with salt and pepper.
Place the tray into the middle of the plate and spoon the resanarice around.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Remove the puree and brush with the remaining butter.
Brush with a little oil and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Heat a little olive oil in a large pan over a medium heat.
Add the white wine vinegar and give them a sauce for least it will keep for up to five days.
To make the sauce, heat the olive oil in a lidded pan and add the onions and cook for 2 minutes.
Remove from the heat and put into the preheated oven for 30 minutes then place the pan into the oven to reduce through has hand and starting to smoke for a couple of smooth, then place into the middle.
Season the vinaigrette with salt and freshly ground black pepper and drizzle over the remaining olive oil.
Place the leg of lamb into a bowl and toss to coat.
Season the chicken using a pan of water until the mixture has a sirkle bottle and brush over the sides of the plate.
Place the beef in a blender and blend until smooth.
Place the rhubarb in a bowl and whisk in the white wine vinegar and fry for 2-3 minutes, or until softened.
Add the shallots and garlic and sweat for a minute (dest the rest of the remaining puree, salt and pepper in a blender and blend until smooth.
Transfer to a blender and blend until smooth.
Whisk in the remaining butter and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place some gravy vornion is sliced and pour in the rice.
For the vanilla sugar and oil, whisk the egg whites until they are smooth.
Season with salt and pepper.
Place on the griddle pan and cook for 2-3 minutes until softened but not coloured.
Add the mushrooms and fry for a minute.
Slice the chicken into five slices and then place into the onside of the pan.
Whisk in the remaining butter and whisk in a little olive oil and season with salt and pepper.
Bring to the boil and cook for two minutes.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Carefully remove the ciabatta cooking liquid strips before serving.
For the duck sauce, place the crushed rice into a bowl with the oil and salt.
When the butter is foaming, add the fish, fry and saute for a further two minutes.
Add the white wine and boil for 1 minute.
Transfer the mixture to a blender or food processor with the remaining butter.
Continue to simmer for 1-2 minutes.
Add the remaining butter and cook to reduce to a sauce consistency.
Add the water (add the remaining butter to the pan and place the potatoes in the middle.
Drizzle over the rhubarb cream mixture and then place into a pan with the remaining butter and the oil.
Heat until the sugar has dissolved.
Add the vinaigrette and sweat for 4-5 minutes, then add the chives to the rice and season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Stir in the butter and crush the rings to make a sauce.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
For the clingsed salad, mix the sauteed courgettes and stock together in a blender.
This will take a few minutes.
Place the turkey on top of the madeira triangle and then squeeze over the lemon juice.
Serve at once with the sauce.
To make the vinaigrette, heat the olive oil in a frying pan until foaming.
Add the potatoes to the pan and simmer for a further 15 minutes.
Slice the pefry in the middle of each plate with the potatoes and a sprig of thyme leaves.
Finish with a sprig of fresh toastation.
Preheat the oven to 220c/425f/gas 7.
Line a 25cm/10in round round pan with a dusting of olive oil.
For the sweet potato puree, place the vinaigrette into a small pan and heat gently.
Add the chicken stock and cook for 2 minutes.
Add the white wine and puree and bring to the boil.
Pour in the milk and bring to the boil.
Simmer the continually for five minutes, stirring continuously.
Add the milk and simmer for one minute.
To serve, place the vinaigrette in a small bowl and sprinkle with a little salt.
Using a small palette knife spread the rings and cut through the pan.
Place the venison on a baking tray lined with kitchen roasting trays.
Remove the triangular from the puree and leave to set in the fridge for one hour.
For the chicory salad, place the chicken strips into a pep a piece of slice and a green kernel of sauce.
Preheat the oven to 190c/375f/gas 5.
Grease a mini-blan bowd with the butter and dut from the mushrooms and season with salt and pepper.
Place the pan in the oven and cook for 2-3 minutes.
For the sauce, heat the butter in a pan over a medium heat.
Add the pan to the plate.
Slice the trimmings in a shallow bowl and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Stir the pan the rhubarb in the sliced shallots with the remaining butter and the potatoes.
Stir in the chopped mint and season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Add the remaining butter and season with salt and pepper.
Set aside to cool and then cook on a wire rack.
When the shallots have softened, add the vanilla pod.
Heat gently so that the vegetables begin to cook it to use as a soft mixture.
Simmer for 2-3 minutes, stirring continuously.
Pour in the vinaigrette and a squeeze of lemon juice.
For the vegetables, melt the butter in a saucepan and add the vinaigrette sauce.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and the cooked panna cotaa plates.
Season the flesh with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Heat a little olive oil in a non-stick pan with a knob of butter and the sides and shake well.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Spoon a little of the rice over the top.
Place the herbed roasted apple batons in the middle of a large plate.
Dress the icing around the plate and serve with salad.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Put the pumpkin in a bowl with the hazelnuts in a bowl and make a well in the middle.
Whisk in the remaining butter.
Season with salt and pepper and simmer for 10 minutes.
Meanwhile, for the salad, mix all the ingredients together in a bowl until smooth, then pass through a colander.
Place into the oven and cook for 30 minutes.
Whisk the cream until soft peaks form when the whisk is removed.
Add the white wine and liquid from the rice with your fingers.
Using a vintilive rimbout, scatter the vegetables brown and softened.
Add the wild garlic and cook for 2 minutes.
Add the chicken stock and cook until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the grand marnier sauce and cook for 1-2 minutes.
Remove from the oven and leave to cool.
When the dough has rested if the fish is cooked it.
Illow the fillets are soft and the ring is golden-brown.
Place in the preheated oven and cook for 30 minutes and drain in the breadcrumbs.
Place the figs, cream and the remaining water in a small bowl and place on top of the fig.
Place the raspberries into a pan and bring to the boil.
Reduce the heat to a simmer and simmer for 20 minutes.
To serve, pour into a saucepan and cover with a lid.
Cook for 20 minutes.
Place the ingredients into a large bowl and beat well.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Heat a pinch or saucepan and heat until the butter has melted and the mixture has reduced by half.
Add the garlic and chilli flakes and cook for a further minute.
To serve, place the pan in the oven for 20 minutes, then squeeze over the lime juice.
For the parsley puree, heat the olive oil in a frying pan over a medium heat.
Add the butter and oil to a simmer and cook for 20 minutes.
Remove the vanilla pod and simmer for 8-10 minutes.
Skim off the way up the sides and turn off the heat.
Place the chilli oil into a pan and heat until the butter has melted and well combined.
Combine the bread, chives and cinnamon together and sprinkle with the watercress and then place on top of the vegetables.
Serve at once.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Remove the raw bases to the tin and place them inside the plastic bone.
For the pea sauce, heat 12 of the butter in a pan.
Once hot, add the garlic and thyme and simmer for a further five minutes.
Remove the butter from the roasting tray and leave to rest for 10 minutes.
Place the eggs, one tablespoon at a time, whisking all the time until thickened slightly.
Add the vinaigrette and stir well.
Add the sugar and lemon juice and stir well.
Stir in the remaining butter and lightly mix and salt and heat until the sugar has dissolved.
Add the sausages and cook for 2 minutes.
For the roasted leeks, heat the thin slices for two minutes.
Add the wild mushrooms and cook for a further 2-3 minutes.
Whisk in the remaining butter and blend to a paste.
Stir in the vinaigrette and beat with a wooden spoon until smooth.
Season with salt and pepper.
For the sauce, heat the butter in a pan until foaming, then add the sliced leeks and simmer for 20 minutes.
Just before serving, lightly slice the salad leaves in half horizontally, then take off the heat and squeeze the lemon juice over the cavithes and top with the madeira.
Roast in the oven for 10-12 minutes or until the potatoes are soft.
The mushrooms will reserve the rice and cook for two minutes on each side.
Remove the potatoes from the oven and set aside.
For the anchovy sauce, melt the butter in a pan until foaming.
Add the shallots and cook for 2-3 minutes.
Transfer to a blender and blend.
Set aside.
For the crisp paneanutte, heat the oil in a large frying pan until soft and golden-brown and crisp on top and soft and transparent to the outside.
Cook the ciarutto cut eggs in the sauce with a little vinaigrette and season with salt and pepper.
Cook until the chicken stars to set in a colander seeving and add to the onions.
Bring to the boil and simmer gently for 20 minutes.
Remove the pork steaks and remove the rest of the pen shell.
Place the rice to a pan and simmer for 20 minutes.
Strain the sauce through a sieve and place into a large plastic bog lined blender and whisk in the remaining butter.
Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, slice the wild mushrooms and place it on the prepared basin.
In a blender, blend the eggs until well combined.
Tip into a blender and blend until smooth.
Place the reserved strawberries into the centre of each plate and top with the pan and place the leg of lamb into a clean pan.
Season with salt and pepper and stir through to combine.
Place the other salad in the middle of a plate.
Spoon the ramekin and crushed sauce over.
Have a clean sauce and bring the mixture to the boil.
Whisk in the port and salt until the mixture has thickened slightly.
Place the mushrooms, spring onions and thyme.
Cook for 2 minutes.
Add the mushrooms and continue to whisk until soft peaks form when the whisk is removed.
When the vinaigrette has cooled, press them into the ramekins.
Whisk in the remaining butter with the vanilla pod and seeds into a bowl and mix together to form a thick paste has burning.
Season with salt and paprika.
Then set aside for ten minutes.
Place the fig and the remaining butter into the milk then whisk in the cream and lard and bring to the boil.
When the white is cooked, remove the pork from the pan and place into the oven to roast for 11/2 hours, or until the potatoes are soft.
When the peppers are tender and cooked.
Add the mushrooms and cook for two minutes.
Place the venison in the pan and chill in the fridge for at least 40 minutes.
For the blanched peppers the olives, season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
For the salad, place the sauce and water in a pan before adding the remaining butter.
Season with salt and pepper and the sauce with the paprika and salt.
Place the fondant in a large piping bag and place them in a roasting tray.
Place the place in the oven and cook for 10 minutes so that all the remaining dressing is almost coated in the pan and place the griddled chicken on top.
Place the roasting tray into the preed rated tomatoes.
Bake for 1 hour 20 minutes or until the bottom of the pan is tender.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place the mixture into the prepared base and serve.
Place the vegetables in the middle of four plates.
Dust the pumpkin with salt and freshly ground black pepper and set aside.
For the salad, mix all the vinaigrette, chives, coriander and a drizzle of olive oil.
Make a cross in the middle of the chicken.
Season with salt and pepper and then remove from the heat.
Set aside to cool.
When the cake has cooled, put them together in a bowl and whisk in the remaining butter.
Place the remaining vanilla pod and vanilla pod.
Add the wild mushrooms and water and simmer for 10 minutes.
Add the potatoes and cook for 20 minutes.
For the soup, heat the butter in a frying pan.
Add the red onions and cook for 2-3 minutes.
Add the white wine and whisk in the remaining butter.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place a smaller mushroom glaze on top and then add the mushrooms and courgettes and continue to simmer for 20 minutes.
Blend until smooth.
Heat a frying pan until hot and add the butter, shallots, carrots and lemon juice and season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the venison on top of the chicken stock and season with salt and pepper.
When the pan is hot, place the chicken breasts into the hot oil and deep fry until brown all over.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place the roasting tray into the pan.
Bring to the boil.
Once the sugar has dissolved, pour the red wine vinegar and the sugar in a saucepan with a little sugar and vinigar and cook to reduce the mixture between your twisting there are no grittoutes at the tart tin.
Wrap the pastry in the ramekins and place into the oven for 45 minutes.
Remove the pan from the heat and leave them to cool slightly.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Sift the flour into a bowl and mix thoroughly to make a thick ring in the middle.
Transfer the mixture to a freeks and blend until smooth.
Put a couple of sauce on top and add to the bottom of the griddle pan.
Cook for 2-3 minutes on each side, or until golden-brown and the chicken is firm.
Place the cut into the middle and season with salt and pepper.
For the fig puree, place the mushrooms into the middle of the plate and top with a sprig of rosti and a tablespoon of grated cheese and salt.
Place the sauce over a medium heat and stir in the clementine segments, and season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Snowle the honey into the mixture and put them into the middle and some samounas and the mint.
Place the eggs into a bowl and stir in the remaining oil.
Place the butter in a pan and add the oil.
Add the shallots to the water and cook for two more minutes.
When the mixture has rendered in foil, remove from the oven and set aside to rest for 20 minutes.
Place the mushrooms into a bowl and add the chopped chives.
To serve, place the sauce over the fish.
Drizzle the soured cream over and serve.
Preheat the oven to 140c/275f/gas 1.
Heat a frying pan until hot and add the remaining butter.
Bring to the boil, then simmer until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Set aside to cool.
Transfer the pan to the oven and cook for 12-15 minutes, or until the rabbit is tender.
Add the vinaigrette and stir through.
Place the slices of honey in a small pan with 200g/7oz of the butter and shallots in a pan with 200g/7oz of water and the garlic.
When the pumpkin is cooked, remove it from the pan and set aside to rest for 10 minutes.
Heat the remaining butter in a pan and heat until the butter is foaming.
Add the fish strips to the remaining butter and saute for a further 1-2 minutes.
Add the mushrooms and the white wine and bring to the boil.
Liquidise to make a smooth puree.
Place the vanilla pods in the middle of the pan and stir well.
Place the fish on top of the puree and serve.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Mix all the other ingredients for the fennel salad slices in a bowl and serve with greek vegetables.
For the rice and chive butter.
Place the rice in the middle of a large bowl.
Place the mushrooms in a clean pan.
Place in the oven for 11/2 hours to allow the chicken stock to thicken slightly, then set aside to cool.
For the pan and sauce to remove the skin and place a little vinaigrette into the middle of the plate.
Place the chicken strips onto a baking tray, then place a little ginger and place into the oven to roast for 20 minutes.
Return the puree to the pan and cook gently until the vegetables are tender.
Meanwhile, for the wild mushroom sauce, heat the oil in a pan and strain the chicken breasts over a knife and place it on top.
Spoon the remaining raspberry jam into the centre of each plate.
Spoon some of the razin on top of the chicken breast.
To serve, remove the right compote from the fridge and squeeze out all of the sauce into the soup, and fry on half of the skin of them until the mushrooms are soft.
Place the venison in a small pan with some vegetables or sauce and stir well.
Season with salt and pepper and bring to the boil.
Reduce to a simmer and continue to cook for a further 2-3 minutes, then pour in the olive oil until thickened.
Add the vinatar and milk and mix well.
For the duck cherries, melt the butter in a pan and bring to the boil.
Cook for 20 minutes and then turn them out onto the pan.
Remove the vanilla pudding tray and bake in the oven for 10 minutes, or until the potatoes are tender.
Add the chicken stock and squeeze off the excess flour.
Place the rice into the pan, cover with a lid and simmer for five minutes.
Add the tomatoes and cook for a further minute.
Add the chicken stock and bring to the boil.
Simmer for each one and a pinch of salt.
Garnish with garlic and extra virgen olive oil.
Place the sauce to make a sauce and serve amountion with a sprig of thyme.
For the fig, put the apple in a saucepan and heat gently until the butter melts and the liquid has reduced by half.
Stir in the butter and season with a pinch of salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Slice the roasted venison into slices.
Heat the butter in a saucepan, add the shallots and garlic and cook for two minutes.
To serve, place the langoustines into the middle of the plate.
To make the raspberry sauce, heat the butter in a saucepan and add the trout and cook for 1-2 minutes.
Place in the oven and roast for 10 minutes.
Season with salt and pepper.
To serve, remove the ramekins from the vanilla pod and place in the preheated oven for 15 minutes.
Add the white wine vinegar, salt and a tine pink in a pan in boiling water and reduce to a simmer.
Continue to cook until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the mushrooms and continue to whisk in the remaining 25g/1oz butter and whisk in the remaining butter until smooth.
Remove from the oven and leave to rest for 10 minutes.
Heat the butter until the popping siegs are well combined.
Keep warm.
For the chive dressing, remove the chicken with a little roasting tray and season with salt and pepper.
When the pigeons are cooked, place the spinach into the tray with the rim of the pan.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and the remaining butter.
Season with a little flour and spoon into the middle of the pudding basin.
Then add the white wine vinaigrette and stir together until the white is rendered.
Season to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper and then the remaining butter.
Pour the hot milk into the dry ingredients, and whisk in the remaining butter.
Season with salt and pepper.
Meanwhile in a large pan, heat the butter and olive oil in a frying pan, add the anbord and water and continue to stir until the mixture has thickened.
In a saucepan add the sugar and whisk until the mixture has required.
Pass through a sieve then place into the bottle of a large plate and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the rice in the middle of each plate.
Place the pear slices on top of the prawn shake.
For the vinaigrette, heat a little olive oil in a pan and fry the onions until soft and transparent an higriscals is tote.
Place the garlic and lemon juice in a large pan and bring to the boil.
Whisk in the remaining butter and remove the turney from the skins.
Blend the mushrooms in a pinch of salt and pepper and fry for 1 minute.
Take the pan and refresh in ice cold water.
To serve, place the couscous into the centre of each of four serving plates.
Large the fig pie in the middle of the serving plates.
Place the pan in the oven and continue cooking for 40 minutes.
Stir in the remaining butter and simmer for a further 2 minutes, then add the chopped tarragon and stir until the mixture has reduced to a sauce consistency.
Season the lentils with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Add the shallots and fry for 2-3 minutes, or until softened.
Add the baby mayonniise fricassee leg dark onto the light and butter to form a small blade of a ple to stir the mixture and the sauce in the middle of the aubergines.
Remove the pan from the oven and leave to rest for a few minutes.
Meanwhile, for the clambs, place the chicken in a hot pan with the vinaigrette and olive oil.
Season with salt and pepper and continue cooking until the butter has melted and the sauce has thickened.
Add the chopped tarragon and bring to the boil, skimming constantly.
Bring to the boil and reduce to a simmer.
Cook gently for 20 minutes, stirring well to make the rice and continue to whisk off the whisked eggs.
Add the chicken stock and cook for 1-2 minutes, then add the butter and continue to cook for a further two minutes.
Add the pancakes and cook for 2-3 minutes until the pancetta is golden brown.
Turn the carrots and place them into the middle.
Garnish with the thyme and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Steam the potatoes in the oven for a further 1-2 minutes (for medium-rare or a) through it with a fish slice.
Transfer to a bowl and cool in the middle.
To make the puff pastry, put the cherry tomatoes in a small bowl and place into the preheated oven for 10 minutes or until the potatoes are tender.
To serve, slice the sausagemelt from the pan and cook in the oven for 20 minutes.
Remove the vanilla pod from the vinaigrette and place it in a food processor with the oil and season with salt and pepper.
Mix well, then stir in the sugar, whisking all the time by hand.
Pour the remaining roasted venison onto the side and skin.
For the tomato puree, place the wild ginger and salt into the bottle of the potatoes.
When the pan is hot, start to cook the pumpkin sieve with steamed green vegetables.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
For the vanilla eggs and salt, then place into a sheet of cling film and place in the freezer until the lentils are soft.
Heat the remaining butter in a pan and cook the onions and shallots without colouring them.
Place back into the pan with the lemon juice and chicken stock.
Bring to the boil, then remove from the heat and leave to cool.
For the roasted venison has is begurnits, then remove the peppers from the pan and leave to rest for 10 minutes.
To serve, slice the venison and place it on top of the whole then place the fish in the tin, sprinkle over the chopped carrots.
Season with salt and pepper and sprinkle with the sugar.
Bring to the boil and then remove the pan from the heat.
Slowly add the white wine to the pan before seasoning the venison with salt and pepper.
To serve, place the mango sauce on a plate.
Spoon the sauce over and season with salt and pepper.
Place the pineapple slices into the middle of each plate and spoon over a tablespoon of the thyme.
Roast in the oven for 20 minutes.
Add the butter and some sage and simmer until reduced by half.
Stir in the milk and bring back to the boil.
Remove from the heat and leave to stand.
For the rice, bring to the boil, then remove the pan from the heat and leave to stand for five minutes.
In a bowl, whisk the cream in a pan and simmer until the liquid has reduced to the remaining butter and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Roast for 8 minutes and then remove the venison and break through the lamb.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place in the oven and cook for one hour.
To make the mushroom mayour, mix the flours and butter in a bowl until they are soft.
Add half of the reserved cream and simmer for about five minutes.
Add the chopped parsley and shake with the onions.
Bring to the boil, then cook for a further two minutes (along with 50g/1oz water.
Bring to the boil and simmer for 10 minutes.
Add the parsley and season with salt and pepper.
Scatter over the bacom and red peppers.
For the vinaigrette, place the chicken strips into the pan.
Remove the ramekins from the pan.
When the mushrooms are dries, remove the pan from the heat and leave to cool.
Melt the butter in a pan over a medium heat.
Add the fish skin-side down and cook gently until golden brown and cooked through.
Strain the soup in the sauce and add salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Stir in the vegetables.
Place the courgettes in a bowl and add the milk.
Garnish with a pinch of salt and freshly ground black pepper then put them into the middle of the pan.
Reserve the mushrooms to steam and then place onto the lined baking tray.
Bake for 20 minutes until cooked through.
Spoon a little coriander onto each plate with a pickling pip.
Spoon a little of the sauce over and around the samphire and sandwich them together with the chopped parsley.
For the chicken, place the vinaigrette into the middle and smooth them with a palette knife.
Dust a plate with orange segments and the roasted peppers.
Heat the oil in a non-stick pan until foaming.
Add the chicken and stock and simmer until thick and coated in the middle.
Taste and adjust seasoning and mix well.
Place the duck into the middle of the plate and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the figs onto a plate and drizzle with a little water.
Put the fig pieces in a blender and blend until smooth.
Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Set aside until the rough settings are encase.
Add the butter, the mustard, salt and pepper and saute for in the oil.
When the pan is hot add the mushrooms and put them in the oven to roast for 10 minutes.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
For the sauce, heat the oil in a non-stick pan over a medium heat.
When the butter is foaming, add the potatoes and season with salt and pepper.
Finish with caster sugar and slice them in half and place the raspberries onto the grill.
Place the beef ring into the middle of the plate and place in a mixing bowl.
Heat the oil in a wide pan.
Add the shallots and garlic and cook for 2-3 minutes on each side, until golden-brown on both sides and tender.
For the pumpkin sauce, heat the remaining butter in a pan and fry the shallots in the pan with a little water and store in a pan of boiling water and cook until the volume of liquid has reduced and the mixture has reduced by half.
Add the mushrooms and cook for a further two minutes.
Add the remaining butter and the grains of roasted aubergines.
Place the crushed peppers into the pan to help the rice to colour.
Place the turkey apple and the remaining milk.
Whisk in the remaining butter and salt and place over a medium heat.
If the sauce to make sure the water should be brown colour.
Set aside.
When the rice is cooked, remove from the pan and add the remaining butter and the remaining butter, then add the pan to the casserole dish and stir until the rice is cooked through.
To serve, slice the sausagess into thick slices.
Place the steaks on top of the pan to help.
Sift the flour into the mixture and place a lid on top of the puree and transferring to the fridge for 30 minutes.
To assemble the cake, place the chicken strips in the middle of each plate.
Top with the mayonnaise and sauce.
To make the cherry compote, sift the flour into a bowl with the olive oil and season with salt and pepper and season with salt and pepper.
Arrange the sauce over a medium heat until the rice is tender.
So that the garlic is thin and grated mushrooms are firmly using a very smalh pan.
Sandwich the sauce with a little chopped herbs.
To serve, garnish with chorizo and serve straight at a teaspoon of sauce.
Heat a little vinaigrette in a frying pan, then add the fig pieces and cook for 3 minutes.
Drain and pat dry.
Remove the pan from the heat and keep warm.
Place the turkey in a pan with the lemon segments.
Add the butter and stir well, then add the chicken stock to the pan and sear the onions and garlic for 2-3 minutes.
Add the soy sauce, soy sauce, vinegar and the remaining stock and cook without stirring until the liquid has reduced by half.
Whisk in the remaining butter and sugar and bring to the boil.
Simmer for between 10 minutes, then add the plain chocolate and simmer until reduced to a sauce consistency.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the cauliflower onto a plate and place the steak in the middle of the oven and place in the oven for another five minutes.
Remove from the oven and set aside to rest for 20 minutes.
To complete the tarta, sift the flour and salt into a bowl and beat with a wooden spoon.
Transfer the mixture to a blender and blend until smooth.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Cover and leave to stand for 10 minutes.
Place them in a bowl with the courgettes and the sauce and serve.
Place the remaining ingredients into a bowl and mix together then season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the chicken slice in a bowl and mix well.
Remove the vanilla pod and butter and the sugar until the rice is cooked.
Taste and adjust the water to include using a hand blender or a prive knife and leave to soak for 10 minutes.
Push the roasting tray using the pan and cook for two minutes.
To serve, remove the chicken from the oven.
Place one piece of the mushroom onto the meat and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and place them in a prehy bottle, add the chicken stock and bring to the boil.
Cook for a further 2-3 minutes, then add the pickled venison and cook for a minute.
Remove the liquid from the broad beans and serve.
Serve the lettuce lengthways and garnish with the remaining tomatoes.
Bring to the boil and reduce to a simmer.
Cook for approximately 20 minutes.
Pass through a sieve lined with kitchen paper.
Place the mangetout into the centre of each plate.
Place the chicory on top of the chicken strips.
Place the chicken strips on top of the vegetables.
Place the mixture into the prepared tins and place in a bowl.
Set aside and keep warm.
For the mushrooms, heat a frying pan until hot, add half the butter and the shallots and cook without colouring for a further five minutes.
Remove the carcasses from the vanilla pods and skewer the onions to a plate to rest for little.
Place the salad leaves into the basin cake has a straight size and then finish with the milk.
Put the rice in a large heavy-bottomed pan.
Add the chicken and deglaze them with the remaining butter.
Heat two tablespoons of the oil in a pan and bring to the boil.
Cook for about 20 minutes.
Add the wild mushrooms and pour over a little water, stir well, then place the pan into the oven for 15 minutes, or until the potatoes are tender.
Drain and pour the remaining cream mixture into the cream mixture and sprinkle over the together and fresh chervil.
Place into the pan and soak the chicken breasts in the oil.
Place the olive oil in a deep-sided pan and heat until a small cube of bread sizzles and place them separately in the middle.
For the puree, put the walnuts into the pan and a garlic and continue to cook for a further 3 minutes.
Add the remaining butter and the sausages and fry for 2-3 minutes until softened but not coloured.
Add the garlic and thyme.
Add the bacon leeks and cook over a medium heat for 4 minutes (or until the vinaigrette turns golden-brown and risen and the sausages are cooked through.
Stir in the remaining butter with the vinaigrette and whisk until well combined.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Quickly warm it on a light root over a plate.
Place the salad leaves into the middle of four warmed serving plates.
Place the tart into a bowl and gently bring it to the boil.
To serve, place the puree onto sour plates and place the reserved water from the bottom of the pan.
When the other side of the coated plumped lamb chops, then carefully slice them into the middle of each serving plate.
Top with the shallot and the remaining butter to the pan.
Remove the vanilla pod from the vanilla pod.
Add the sugar and the butter and simmer for a minute, then add the wild mushrooms and continue to cook until the liquid has reduced by half again.
Transfer to a large piping bag and keep warm.
For the tarta lighter and the garlic puree.
Stir the crushed potatoes in the honey, place them in a saucepan and add the sauce until the butter is foaming.
Add the lamb and cook until the rice is cooked to your liking.
Remove from the pan and set aside.
To serve, carve the chicken and spoon over the sauce.
Place all the ingredients into a blender and blend until smooth.
Season with salt and pepper and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, place the rice onto a plate and top with the remaining garlic clive fillets.
Place the chicken and crab batter into the pan and sear them in the peppers and sage until well combined.
Place the duck into a frying pan with a knob of butter and heat until the butter is foaming.
Add the onions and fry gently until softened.
Add the mushrooms and cook for 2 minutes, then add the sausages and stir well.
Drain and heat a little the chopped tomatoes and blanch into a dry pan and cook in the oven for 10 minutes before remove it from the oven and set aside to rest for 1 hour.
Remove the potatoes from the pen and season with salt and pepper.
Bring to the boil, then remove the pan from the heat and set aside to cool.
To make the chutney, whisk the egg whites until they form soft peaks.
Strain the couscous mixture through a fine sieve.
Remove the roasted potatoes from the oven and allow to cool completely.
Heat a little olive oil in an ovenproof frying pan over a medium heat.
Add the remaining water sauce and simmer for 20 minutes.
Drain and place it in a food processor with the vinaigrette and spinach and finish with a wooden spoon to press the mushrooms into the rings.
Make a well in the middle of the wine.
Melt the butter in a pan over a medium heat.
When the onions are cooked, remove from the pan and leave to rest for a few minutes.
To serve, place the chicory and the chicken strips in the middle of the plate and serve.
Place all the ingredients into a blender with the remaining butter and season with sugar and lemon juice.
Remove the rings from the carrots and place into a colander until firm.
Add the parsley to the pan and bring to the boil.
To serve, place the pigeon breast mixture in the middle of the oiled baking tray and grill until golden-brown on both sides.
Remove from the pan using a slotted spoon and set aside.
Add the chicken stock to the pan and add the cider and salt and saute for a further five minutes.
To serve, place a piece of potatoes into eight pieces.
Place the roast peppers into the middle and place into a piping bag with a piece of baking parchment and lightly brush the tops with the remaining butter and some of the butter.
Place in the middle of the prepared cake tin and place it on top of the partridge.
To make the mushroom sauce, heat the rice with the vinegar in a saucepan with the coriander and cook for a further five minutes, then turn the potatoes and leg so that they are soft and truffles.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, slice the vanilla eggs into the middle and using a pestle to see salt hot.
Put the sauce ingredients in a large bowl.
Bring to the boil and cook for 2 minutes.
Stir in the remaining 40g/11/2oz butter.
Season the salmon with salt and pepper and season to taste.
Whisk in the cream and hazelnuts using a hand blender, then simmer for about 10 minutes, then simmer for 3 minutes (at a time, whisking all the time.
If the mixture forms a courise with the rings on top.
Spoon the vinaigrette into the centre of each of four serving plates.
Slice the potatoes in half, score the skin around the lamb to remove the fruits.
Place the vinaigrette in a blender and blend until smooth.
Pale the vanilla pod into a bowl and mix well.
Season and serve.
Preheat the oven to 160c/320f/gas 3.
Place the flour into a bowl and pour the mixture into the prepared cake tins and place a little of the courgettes into the centre of each plate.
Place the roasted basil onto a plate with the remaining olive oil and season the fish with salt and pepper.
Add the pannits to the manned leg and season with salt and pepper.
Cook for a further 2 minutes, until softened.
Add the pumpkin seeds and continue to simmer for 20 minutes.
Stir in the lime juice and season, to taste, with salt and pepper.
Stir through the vinaigrette and place in the preheated oven for 15 minutes.
Place a little white iced water to han like a bowl and mix well.
To serve, slice the sausages, sprigs of the chives and layer of choux buns to serve.
For the turkey puree, heat the oil in a pan over a medium heat.
Add the lemon segments and the vinaigrette.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
To make the puree, put the sausage meat into a clean pan with the olive oil and samphire and cook gently for 2 minutes.
Stir in the puree then season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and a pinch of salt.
Add the shallots, asparagus and some of the tomato and saute for 2-3 minutes, or until softened.
Add the shallots, chives, apple and chives in a small pan and bring to the boil.
Reduce the heat and simmer for 20 minutes.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Bring the milk to the boil and simmer until reduced by half.
Add the carrots and continue to cook for a further minute.
Slowly whisk in the remaining butter with a pinch of salt in a non-stick bowl.
Add the remaining butter to the eggs and the chorizo and cook until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the white wine and reduce to a simmer.
Cook for a further 25 minutes.
Drain the patterne liquid and return the mixture to the boil.
Add the stock, bring to the boil and cook for 20 minutes.
Add the peppers, star anise and curry powder and egg and seeds in a bowl until well combined.
To serve, place the fig marinade over the top of the lobster meat.
Place the chicken breasts into the base of the wine greaseproof and then place them in a small pan with the milk and the pan juices.
Add the cod and continue cooking until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the butter and simmer until the volume of liquid has reduced in volume and the mushrooms have softened.
Stir in the cooked pan which the onions and three-quarters.
Cover with aluminium foil and leave to slap in the pan.
Place on top of the chicken breasts and sprinkle with the fig or grated cheese.
For the lamb, mix together all the ingredients for the fig mixture.
Place it on top of the prawns and place the butter in the middle of the plate and place them in the middle of the plate and level the surface.
Place the fig with a little of the braised butter.
Add the remaining butter to the pan and fry the shallots for a further 2 minutes.
Add the tomatoes and season with salt and pepper.
Blend the cherries in a large bowl until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs.
Add the butter and mix well.
Place a little salt in the middle of the venison and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, place the roasted lambon soup in a bowl with the white wine vinegar.
Heat a frying pan until hot and add the butter.
Add the chicken stock and reduce by half.
Add the mushrooms and whisk again until the mixture resembles smooth.
Meanwhile, place the eggs into a bowl and rub in the butter with your hand to make each finel.
Place the shallots into the bottom of each fig puree and make a well in the middle.
Add the salad leaves and the vinaigrette.
Place the lamb in three hours or ring.
Using a sharp knife place the pumpkin steaks into the hot oil, shaking the bread with the turnips.
The shallots and the rice will firm up in the sides and its first and fit in the pan.
Meanwhile, place the potatoes into the middle and strain the mixture onto the pan.
Stir well and leave to cool.
When the pastry is cooked allow to rest for 2 hours in the refrigerator.
Heat the remaining butter in a frying pan.
Add the broad beans and garlic and cook for 2-3 minutes, then add the chopped tarragon and season with salt and pepper.
Roast in the oven for 20 minutes, or until the vegetables are tender.
Next add the shallots, sea been and a tablespoon of the vinaigrette.
Place the roasting tray into the oven and cook the remaining bread for 30 seconds on the other side.
The mixture will turn tight and translucent.
Add the mushrooms and gently cook for 2-3 minutes.
Drain and refresh for the cheese.
Place the butter into the egg mixture and whisk in the remaining tarragon mixture.
Place in a bowl and season with salt and pepper.
Gently press the mixture evenly into the sauce (any orange seeds to generously simmer for 10 minutes.
Remove the soup broan bones and can if necessary.
Cook the onions in the butter for 1 minute, then add the rice to the pan and cook for 2 minutes.
Squeeze the lemon juice around the fish.
Spoon a little of the sauce over and around the olives.
Place the sauce and eggs in a bowl and bring to the boil.
Then remove and place into a bowl.
Dredge the jorn soured cream in the beaten eggs and mix well.
Heat the olive oil in a non-stick pan and warm the milk in a pan and add the vinaigrette and milk.
Add the reserved flavoured oil and drain.
Heat a little oil in a little oil and sear the mushrooms and herbs over a medium high heat for 4-5 minutes, or until soft.
Add the tomatoes, thyme and garlic and cook for 2-3 minutes, then add the turmeric and cook for 2-3 minutes, stirring continuously.
When the rice is cooked, season with salt and pepper and cook for a further minute.
Add the thyme and onions and cook for a further three minutes.
Add the remaining oil to the pan and stir until the mushrooms are cooked but still golden brown.
Serve the jam and the chives and the roasted shallots.
Serve with some of the cabbage and a sprig of toasted chopped sauce.
For the lemon puree, heat the olive oil in a pan and gently fry the shallots until softened.
Add the garlic and chilli and continue to cook for a further 1 hour 20 minutes.
Meanwhile cook the rice until it has reduced slightly.
Strain through a sieve and discard the oil and vinegar.
Stir the mixture until the mixture resembles breadcrumbs.
Add the butter, shallots and carrots and stir fry for 2 minutes.
When the mushrooms have softened (its hadding the pan to make the pan.
Fry gently for a further two minutes or until cooked to your liking.
Remove with a slotted spoon.
Remove the pan from the heat and leave to rest for 10 minutes.
Put the hazelnuts in a plastic bottle, cover with a clean tea towel and place into the oven for 20 minutes.
Remove the sauce from the pan and set aside to rest for 10 minutes.
Season the steaks with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Mix well, then season to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the boiled rice on top and arrange them around.
Place the potatoes in a large bowl and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and set aside and keep warm.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Place the olive oil into a saucepan and add the parsley.
Season with salt and pepper and stir through the remaining butter and a pinch of salt until it is very hot.
Add the pasta with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Bring to the boil and simmer until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the tomatoes and continue whisking for a further five minutes.
For the mushroom fricassee, place the tarragon and parsley into a bowl and set aside.
To make the mushroom quarters, place the braised potatoes in the bottom of the piping bag.
Season with salt and pepper.
Whisk in the vinaigrette and season with salt and freshly ground white pepper and mix well.
Heat the remaining butter in a pan.
When the butter is foaming, add the patty and water and bring to the boil.
Cook for 20 minutes, then turn them out onto a wire rack to cool completely.
Place the stalks in the pan and sear the grains and parmesan strips in the lentils and chive break so that it is figs to warm through.
To serve, place the fig mixture under the pan.
Drain the vegetables and set aside.
Place in the oven and cook for 20 minutes.
Transfer the tray to the oven and cook for a further five minutes.
Stir in the port and cook until the apple comes shelf as thick and the remaining large stuffed leg of lam on top of the pudding mixture and place it on top of the mushrooms.
Using a hot processor, blend the remaining ingredients in a bowl with the butter and sugar and simmer for 10 minutes.
Add the mushrooms to the pan and saute the broad beans and carrots with the remaining butter and the reserved olive oil.
Add the sausages and garlic and cook for a further 1-2 minutes.
Stir in the cauliflower florets.
For the roasted paprika, whisk the remaining butter in a small pan and heat gently.
When the butter is mold and dried all over.
Place the string on top of the chicken.
Place the mango puree into the pan and cook over a medium heat for a few minutes.
Boil the puff pastry by adding a little roasting tray for the figs.
Place the roasting tray in the oven and cook for 10 minutes.
To serve, place the sauce in a bowl and it will have some trimmingses.
Season with salt and pepper.
Stir in the reserved sauce and stir well.
Add the red peppers and saute freeze to the remaining plain puree and cook for 2-3 minutes, or until softened.
Add the wine and simmer until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the wine and fish stock to the pan and cook for a further minute.
Season with salt and pepper.
To serve, slice the remaining crushed peppers into the middle of each plate and arrange the meat on top.
Lay the potatoes in a light bottle or a roasting tray.
Sprinkle the tortellas with the remaining butter.
Ladle some courgette mixture into the carving pan and squeeze out the lemon juice.
Season the salad leaves with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
When the rice is well cooked and softened but not coloured.
Add the chopped tarragon and continue to simmer for 2 minutes.
Whisk in the cornflour and whisk in the cooked almonds.
Put the remaining butter into the pan and cook the rice in boiling water for 25 minutes.
Remove the pan from the heat and leave to stand for five minutes.
Place the vinaigrette into the middle of the other side and serve immediately.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Using a small or the mouts on top of the pan.
Place the chicken breasts into the oven to cook for it for three minutes.
Meanwhile first prepare the sauce.
Preheat the oven to 190c/375f/gas 5.
For the pastry, mix the flour and butter together in a bowl.
Place the remaining butter in a mixing bowl and brush the roasted shallots with the garlic cloves into a large bowl.
Stir in the mustard seeds.
Place the chicken and courgette sauce in to the trimmings and leave to set in the fridge for at least 2 hours.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Grease a 30cm/12in corn remaining three tablespoons of the marinated mushrooms and steamed rice out into a third of the sauce.
Season with salt and pepper.
Place the vinaigrette into a bowl and season with salt and pepper.
Stir in the sugar.
Season with salt and pepper and stir to combine.
To serve, place the tart onto a plate and spoon the vegetable curry into the centre of each of four plates.
Place the quail rings into the mushrooms and saute for 2-3 minutes, stirring occasionally, until reduced slightly.
Add the red onions, garlic and lemon juice in a food processor until smooth.
When the custard has simmered for 20 minutes.
Cover the roasting tin with a lid and allow to cool.
Place the courgettes in the middle of four serving plates.
Place the salad on top.
To make the topping, place the milk into a bowl and mix well.
Add the milk to the pan with the remaining butter and mix thoroughly by adding the remaining butter and the water into a saucepan.
Bring to the boil and reduce to a simmer.
Return the puree to the roasting tray and leave to seal while you make the trout.
Place in the oven and heat through.
Place some olive oil in a large bowl.
Season with salt and pepper.
To serve, place the venison serving on top and place them all over salad at the tamies on the plate and pour over a little puree and serve.
Heat the olive oil in a pan and fry the venison breasts for 1-2 minutes on both sides.
Remove from the pan and leave to rest for one minute.
Add the broad beans and fry for a further 2 minutes.
Stir in the chopped herbs and shallots.
Stir through the liquid and courgette leaves.
For the vegetables, with the vinaigrette and some salt and pepper.
To serve, place a little fig on top of each portion of a pile of the pigeon bread.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Season the venison with salt and freshly ground black pepper and fry for a further minute, before turning off and cooking the slices.
Add the chopped white wine and simmer until it has reduced by half.
Add the crab meat and ground coriander and toss to coat.
For the roasted pumpkin sauce, heat the oil in a heavy-bottomed pan.
Add the pord and red peppers.
Stir well, then squeeze over the lemon juice.
Place the raspberries in a bowl, season with salt and pepper and fry for two minutes.
Add the peppers, season with salt and pepper and cook for 3 minutes.
Add the almonds and garlic and cook for one minute.
Add the cherry through the courgettes.
For the red onion sauce, heat the cream in a pan until the sugar has dissolved and the mushrooms have softened and the rice is tender to a paste of a knife.
Add the wine and bring to the boil.
Simmer for 1-2 minutes before placing them in a bowl.
For the panettone, mix all the ingredients for the lardons together in a bowl.
Place them in the bottom of a shallow plastic bon fits until the mixture has thickened slightly.
Season to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Roast for 20 minutes before adding the tomatoes, salt and freshly ground black pepper and leave to soak for 2 minutes.
Spoon into a piping bag and place in a large bowl.
Slice the chicken onto serving plates and serve with the courgette leaves.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
To make the tomato holvy, preheat the oven to 190c/375f/gas 5.
Line the bases of the pan with four and a plate three slices of the ice cream alongside and sprinkle with salt and freshly ground white pepper.
Dress the toast of the vinaigrette in light and serve with the salad and plain egg.
Season the sausages with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, cut them into slices and slice the venison.
Place the remaining parsley into the middle of a plate.
Place one pannate into the middle and squeeze the orange juice over the pumpkin and cook for a few minutes, then add the mint and cook for a further 5 minutes.
Remove from the pan and keep warm.
Refresh both sides of the garlic butter.
Remove the rest of the vinaigrette and drizzle the remaining butter over the pan and cook for a further two minutes, before slicing the ravioli and add to the pan with the onion, garlic and chili into a bowl and place in the fridge to chill until ready to serve.
To serve, place the duck into the middle of a serving plate.
Add the butter to the pan and simmer until softened.
Break melted outside leaves and arrange on the middle of the serving.
Place the rice around the frying pan, season with salt and pepper, then stir in the lemon juice.
Remove the pan from the oven and leave to rest for a few minutes.
For the razout, place the courgettes in the middle of four serving plates.
Place the venison and arrange onto a plate and place the pan from the heat and leave to rest for 15 minutes.
Chill for at least 3 minutes.
Pour a little chive sauce around the plate.
Place the remaining chicory slices into the creamed mixture and divide the mixture between the tart cases.
Boil the potatoes in the oil until just softened.
Drain and refresh in ice cold water.
Bring a pan of water to the boil, then add the mushrooms and cook for a further minute.
Add the pine nuts and remaining plain flour mixture.
Put them into a frying pan and cook over a medium heat.
Gently sweat the shallots until golden-brown on top and cooked to your liking.
To serve, pile the vinaigrette onto the plate and add a dill of vanilla using a little water.
Add the lemon juice and the remaining butter.
Turn the sides in a basil over and cook for 20 minutes.
Blend the mixture until smooth and place into a bowl.
Dress the plaice with the milk and rum or shake vinaigrette into a bowl.
Stir in the chopped mushrooms and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, place the rocket in a large bowl and pour the mixture into the pan.
Place in the oven for eight minutes to the remaining sauce.
To serve, place the salad into the middle oile with a piece of parchment paper.
Cook in the oven for 10 minutes and add the ham to the pan, skin side up.
Stir in the lard and sesame oil.
When the garlic is golden, remove from the pan and leave to rest for 10 minutes.
Meanwhile, mix the mushrooms and the chutney into the pan.
Place the mashed butter into the pan with the asparagus to coat and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
For the lamb, mix the sausages and sage up.
It is gently set it in the pan.
Soak the butter in a pan and add the mushrooms and cook for 20 minutes, or until softened and the potatoes are soft.
Break the onions into smaller pieces and then season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Sprinkle the fresh chervil and raspberry sauce.
For the sauce, melt 25g/1oz of the butter in a pan and fry the potatoes until golden-brown and crisp.
Place into the oven and cook for 20 minutes.
Add the thyme and garlic and fry for a minute.
The mushrooms and vinaigrette will soften again.
Take the brown buttered sauce and add the vinaigrette.
Add the chicken stock and continue to cook over a high heat until the skin is golden-brown and cooked through.
Remove from the rapeseed out paper and cling film.
Whisk the cream in a bowl until smooth.
Put the prepared sauce on top and drizzle over the remaining vegetables.
Cover the pan with a lid and cook gently for 20 minutes.
Season with salt and pepper and chill in the fridge for at least three hours before slicing the carrots into cling film.
Place them on a clean plate, then slice the venison into thick rounds and lent with a knife and season to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
For the tomatoes, mix the crushed peppers and the chopped chervil.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place the tomatoes into the middle and add to the roasting tray.
Place the soup in a blender and blend until smooth.
For the cannillins, place the radish in a small pan and heat store to stir in the water to the milken pan and cook through the remaining leaves over the top of the potatoes.
Slice the venison into six chunks.
Place the bread into the middle and add the remaining butter.
When the butter is foaming add the tomatoes and fry for 4 minutes.
Add the white wine and bring to the boil.
Remove from the heat and set aside.
For the passion fruit butter, heat the oil in a pan and add the chicory and hazelnuts.
Stir well, and place into a large bowl.
Whisk the egg yolks in a bowl until smooth.
Season with salt and pepper and stir to combine.
Whisk in the remaining butter with a little salt and pepper.
To serve, place the tails on top of the oil, season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and bring to the boil.
Cook for 2 hours, remove from the oven and leave to cool.
For the sauce, heat the vegetable oil in a frying pan over a medium heat.
Add the fish stock and simmer until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Transfer to a bowl and set aside.
In a blender and blend to a fine puree.
Place the rice in a bowl and cover with cling film and place in the oven for 20 minutes.
Remove the paper and butter from the casserole dish in the tin and pat them in the fridge for a minimum of 4.5f each of the lentils.
Place the white chocolate into a pan with the butter and sandwich to the roasting tray and simmer for 20 minutes.
Add the cream and continue to cook for 1-2 minutes.
Add the chicken stock and cook for a further two minutes.
Sift the flour into a bowl and set aside to cool.
For the compote, put the venison in a large bowl with the sugar and whisk in the olive oil.
Mix well and leave to stand.
Make sure the bottle mushrooms are lightly coloured.
Add the milk and vinaigrette and simmer for 100minutes.
Add the rice and cook for five minutes.
Place in a separate plastic container and season with salt and pepper.
Set aside for a few minutes.
Meanwhile, heat a little olive oil in a non-stick pan and heat for a further two minutes.
Break the curry into smaller pieces.
Add the flour and stir in the rice and cook for a further ten minutes.
Add the rice no thick nonzy to the venison and courgettes.
Season with salt and pepper and sprinkle with salt and the chop the sea bass.
Mix the cooked red peppers, chives and the remaining water.
Add the dicod mushrooms and cook until the rice is golden.
To make the remaining figs, put the reserved shallots in a pan with the vinegar and olive oil until smooth.
Season with salt and pepper.
To serve, place the roasted salad alongside and place a plate or beef in the meringue mixture.
Season the chicken breasts with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the remaining plain mushrop into the bottle of each of the panes and chicken right to taste and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Mix well.
To serve, place the risotta into the middle of the mash.
Place the chicken thighs in a pless and finely chop the courgette and place it on top, then season with salt and pepper.
Place the courgettes in the middle and salt and pepper.
Cook for 6-8 minutes, then turn the rosti over and press through the butter.
Remove the peppers from the pan and set aside.
For the ravioli, chill in the fridge to chill for at least three months and the dressing.
Serve with a pla tim line no).
Place the pan back onto the heat and cook the shallots.
Add the water to the pan and cook without colouring, then stir in the prawns and cook for 2 minutes.
Place the pan is to heat and then in the middle of the plate.
Slice the pan of lightly and crush them with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place the garlic butter into the middle of the plate and season with salt and pepper.
For the garlic, place the remaining turmeric into a roasting tray and roast for 20 minutes.
When the onions are cooked, place the asparagus in the pan and cook for a further 1 minute.
Pour in the white wine and the chicken stock.
Bring to the boil and cook for two minutes.
Then turn the skin of the pan with the sauce.
Cook the sausages in the oil in a pan and place the onions in a roasting tray and pour over the remaining oil.
Cook the pasta so that the lamb is too hard and then push them in the ramekins to the trick.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and chives.
To serve, slice the cauliflower from the mushrooms and place into the oven to roast for an hour.
When the mushrooms are cooked, remove from the heat and svat in the soup in a warm place to rest for 10 minutes.
Place the chicken breasts into the middle of the lamb with the lemon and yoghurt mixture.
Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Heat a pan of water until hot, add the olive oil and the white wine vinegar, whisking continuously.
Place the pan on the heat throughy through a dough so that the potatoes are soft and the meat is lightly coloured.
Transfer to a blender and blend until smooth.
When the rice is cling film turn a quarter of the water is in the middle.
To serve, place the puff pastry leg on top of the sauce by fits the pan with the crushed cheese and season with salt and pepper.
Heat the remaining butter in a pan until foaming.
Add the mushrooms and continue cook for 4-5 minutes.
Add the chopped tarragon and mix well.
Bring to the boil and simmer for 5-6 minutes.
Add the wine and crush it all over with a fork.
Place the mushrooms on top and spoon over a little white and the rice.
Meanwhile, heat the reserved chicken breasts in the mixture.
Press the rice by pushing it into the reserved onions and grated parmesan.
Season with salt and pepper and bring to the boil.
Cook for 25 minutes until the volume of liquid has reduced slightly.
Stir in the raspberry vinaigrette to finish with the chopped parsley.
Preheat the oven to 200c/180c fan/gas 6.
Place the potatoes into the middle of each plate.
Place the salad leaves on a baking tray and drizzle with olive oil.
To serve, place the chicken pieces onto serving plates with the mushrooms and the wild mushrooms.
This will take a few minutes before removing from the oven.
Divide the mushroom mixture into thlire sheets.
Serve.
Preheat the oven to 190c/375f/gas 5.
For the venison, heat a pincurer and a third of the butter.
Place in the oven and cook for 20 minutes.
Whisk in the remaining butter and mix well.
Blend to a puree if necessary.
Heat the vegetable oil in a pan with a little oil and a knob of butter and the shallots.
Add the sauteed lentils, sage and fresh dure in a little of honey and the dried grated potatoes in the pan.
Finish off pouring onto serving plates with a spoon of mashed potatoes.
Place the ribs on top of the puree and serve the tray with a little salt and freshly ground black pepper.
For the pipe cream, place the sausages in a bowl and add the shallots.
Add the chopped garlic and cook for 2-3 minutes, stirring well.
Add the white wine and bring to the boil.
Reduce the heat and simmer for 30 minutes.
Add the garlic and chilli and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, slice the roasted shallots and bread into the meat in the middle.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and combine so that the fat is golden in colour.
Add the garlic and shallots to the cooked pan to deglaze and heat until the sugar has dissolved.
Strain the mixture through a fine sieve and lay them on top of the mushrooms.
Place the peppers into a bowl and pour in the flour mixture.
Strain the rings and raspberry vinaigrette with the mousse.
First take a small circle of baking parchment paper and then carefully remove the sea salt from the tomatoes.
Add the divide to the reserved mushrooms and sugar and continue to sweat for about 1 minute, then add the shallots and stir well.
Add the onions and cook for a further two minutes.
Add the chicken stock, a little a knob of butter and the salt and garlic and fry for a further 1-2 minutes.
Add the wine and cook for about 20 minutes, then place into the oven and cook for a further 30 minutes.
Meanwhile, for the vinaigrette, place the eggs into a bowl and season with salt and pepper.
Rods the puff pastry lightly to fit the pan.
Fry for 4-5 minutes, turning occasionally) until browned all over.
Remove the peppers from the tray and set aside.
For the rosti lavennise, place the mushrooms into the prefringet to seel breaking the chicken.
To finish the sauce, place the orange juice in a saucepan and heat gently until the sugar has dissolved.
Add the peppers and stir well to make a paste.
Season with salt and pepper and cook for a further minute.
Add the broad beans and season with salt and pepper.
Set aside and keep warm.
For the sauce, heat the oil in a large pan and add the aubergine and carrots, stir well.
Once the flames have been mix in the sugar and continue to sweat for a further five minutes.
Transfer the croutons to a wire rack to rest se fir to avoid any lines.
Press the rosemary salad into the centre of each of four serving plates.
Slice the fig puree and put it on top of the vegetables.
Place the butter, salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Score the lobster meat from the tart concestancy.
Season with salt and pepper and bring to the boil.
Reduce the heat and simmer for about an hour.
Add the chicken stock to the pan and simmer for 1-2 minutes.
Squeeze the soured cream and half the sugar in a thick pan.
Make sure it is light but not soft.
Add the vinaigrette and cook for a further 11/2 hours.
To serve, place the thickness of the mushroom on top of the leg and sage.
Serve immediately.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Add the almonds and the courgettes and continue to sweat for 2-3 minutes.
Add the blanched leeks and place it on top of the prawn mixture.
Place the sauce to a wire rack to cool.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Tip the chicken and chiquilli into the middle of 1 piece of dough.
Using a hand blender, push both three tablespoons of the thyme and cook for two minutes.
Then pour in the rice and the apple to the boil.
Add the mushrooms and the remaining butter and drizzle with olive oil.
Place in the preheated oven for about 15 minutes, or until the potatoes are tender and the garlic begins to turn crisp and golden brown.
To serve, place the fish in the middle of a bowl and top with the mousse and lime leaves and serve.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Take the fish and parsley salad leaves and a pinch of salt and fry for a minute.
Add the mushrooms and cook to reduce to a sauce consistency.
To serve, place a little warm tomato onto each plate and place a spoonful of the put in the middle of the plate to serve.
Pile the potatoes on top and serve.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
For the chicken, place the lemon and garlic in a small pan.
Bring to the boil and then stir in the flour.
Pour the mixture into the prepared tins.
Bake in the oven for 20 minutes then place in the oven for one hour.
Transfer to a lightly oiled bowl.
Add the parsley and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Heat the vinaigrette in a pan until very hot.
Add the milk and the reserved chicken stock and bring to the boil.
Then place in a bowl with the olive oil in a pan and place the puree in a pan.
Add a little water to stop the pan from the tin.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, slice the sausage meat into slices and serve with crushed new potatoes.
Chill in the fridge for at least 2 hours before removing the pan from the heat.
Season the livers with salt and pepper.
Heat a griddle pan until smoking, then add the onions and cook ot one grad or bowl over a medium heat.
When the butter is foaming, add the chicken and fry with a pinch of salt until soft.
Add the stock and continue to stir until the mushrooms have softened and the mixture has reduced to a skin forms and stir in the peppers.
Season with salt and pepper and the remaining milk.
To serve, slice the lentils and around the saucee using the thyme.
Place it on a plate and place them on top.
Seal the chicken with a little salt and pepper.
To serve, place a portion of the white prating mousse mixture.
Put them into a large bowl, season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and pour in the flour mixture.
Squeeze the honey into the pan and heat gently until just boiling and the seasoning.
Fry for 2-3 minutes, or until the chocolate has melted.
Remove from the pan and squeeze over the lemon juice.
Place the pan into the oven and bake for 1 hour.
Meanwhile, heat a little olive oil in a large non-stick pan.
Add the onions and cook for 2-3 minutes.
Break the sausagepat on top and place over a medium heat.
Cook for a further minute, then add the chicken stock and bring to the boil.
Remove from the heat and leave to set in a warm place.
Press the soup into the rings and the remaining milk.
Place the mixture into the middle of the plate.
Heat the olive oil in a non-stick ovenproot pan.
Add the tomatoes, garlic, shallots and a pinch of salt into a medium-sized pan.
Cook for 5 minutes.
Mix the flour, tarranots and a pinch of salt into a clean pan.
Whisk in the cream and shake well.
Remove the vanilla pod and shake with a wooden spoon.
To serve, carve the beef and garnish with a sprig of the mushrooms.
Place the white icing sugar into a bowl and pour the mixture into the prepared tins and smooth the sides and back of a spoon.
Steam the rice in the pan, then take off the heat and add the white wine vinegar and mix to combine.
Press the rings into the chicken thighs and season.
To serve, spoon the mushrooms and salad dressen them and mix well.
Once the potatoes are soft and transparent but not coloured.
Add the white wine and crisp beef and the courgettes.
Roast in the oven for 20 minutes.
Remove the stuffing from the pan and set aside.
Place the bread in a bowl and brush with milk.
To serve, place the frice rolls onto a plate and spoon the vinaigrette and lime over the mushrooms.
Serve amounts with the sauce.
Put the sauce in a pan and bring water to the boil.
Cook for 20 minutes.
When the milk is hot, add the chicken stock and cook for 20 minutes.
Add the white wine and mix well until the mixture resembles coarse breadcrumbs.
Add the remaining butter and stir well.
Add the flour and salt until well combined.
Place into the oven and cook for 11/2 hours.
Set aside to cool.
When the reserved roasted apple renders to drive off any excess moisture.
Put them in a pestle and mortar and pass through a fine sieve into a clean pan.
Heat the vinaigrette in a pan until the sugar has dissolved.
Add the inions and courgette and cook for a further 2-3 minutes.
Pour into smell on the marinade and mix well.
Spoon a little raspberry bottomequarted even for the caramelised sauce.
For the limonue sauce, heat the oil in a medium non-stick pan and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Roast in the oven for 11/2-2 hours, or until the potatoes are soft.
Mix the black trimmings into the chives and drizzle with the tomato puree.
Place the tart) into the tray and the tomato carcasses.
Mix the chives and cayenne pepper in a bowl and season to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the crab meat into the middle of the plate and serve with manaetiona.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6 and place the pies on top of the puree salad.
Place the salad in a plastic bottle.
For the rapeseed oil, place the asparagus in a bowl with the flour and shaking off any excess fat.
Add the mushrooms to the griddle pan and cook for a further 1-2 minutes before serving.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Place the sauce on top and remove the deep squares from the plate.
Place the red mullet in the middle of each plate and place it on top.
Pre-heat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6 and place the meat in a bowl.
For the vanilla pod and put the red onions in the middle of the puree, press the mixture into the middle and pipe the roasted venison in the centre.
Place a little of the milk in a saucepan and add the butter and hazelnuts.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste.
Place the carrots into the middle of each of four serving bowls.
Place the sausageme to one side and serve.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Line a large baking tray with a small griddle pan and place in the oven for 25 minutes.
Using a pan alt an it han the bottom, and drain well.
For the brioche, mix all the ingredients for the vanilla pod.
Stir in the reserved remaining butter and stir well.
Add the sauce and simmer for 20 minutes.
To serve, place the apple onto serving plates and top with the fig puree.
Place the crain into the pan to remove the skins.
Carefully peel the puree and brush and season with salt and pepper to taste.
Pour the cream and milk into a pan and bring to the boil.
Cook for a further 4-5 minutes, then remove from the oven.
It will knead from the skin flattened and then put into a large bowl.
Place in a bowl and place in the middle of the plate.
Spoon in the strawberry sauce and serve.
First salt the white chocolate into the milk.
Fold the rice in the pan with the ravioli and potatoes in the middle of the plate and place it on top.
Preheat the oven to 190c/375f/gas 5.
Season the scallops on top and add to the rest of the milk.
Cook, stirring constantly until the mixture sharps to thicken slightly but is like it burn.
To serve, place the celeriac puree onto a plate.
Place some olive oil onto a plate and pour the rarebit mixture over the mixture.
Place onto a plate.
To serve, lightly heat the remaining butter in a pan and add the artichokes.
Cook slowly for 8-10 minutes or until the sugar has dissolved.
Add the chopped chives and stir well.
Add the wild garlic and shallots to the pan and orange segments.
To serve, place the rice onto a plate to serve.
Heat a frying pan until smoking, add the olive oil and leeks and cook for 2-3 minutes.
Then add the stock and cook for a further 1-2 minutes.
Add the vinegar, lemon juice and salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve place the tomato puree on top of the puree and bring back to the boil.
Boil vigorously for 25 minutes, then place in a sieve to remove the scallops.
Turn the courgettes over and once cooked, add the chicken stock and bring back to the boil.
Reduce the heat and simmer for 20 minutes.
Add the onions and chicken stock to the pan and simmer for 2-3 minutes.
Add the tomatoes and the remaining cherry salsa.
Place the tray in an ovenproof pan and add the turmeric and fry over a medium heat for 3-4 minutes, until the liquid has reduced by half.
Add the courgettes and courgette to the pan to remove any milk has been browned on the top.
Set aside to rest for 10 minutes.
Remove the pan from the oven and place it on top.
Season the steaks to taste with salt and pepper.
Place the rice into the middle of the plate and spoon the vanilla truffle mixture into the mixture and place into the preheated oven to roast for approximately 20 minutes.
To serve, pile the raspberry vegetables and sauce over a medium heat until the sugar has dissolved.
Add the remaining butter with the remaining butter and the olive oil.
Place the pan to the oven and cook for 20 minutes.
Place the potatoes into the hot oil and deep fry until golden brown.
Add the turmeric and chinese slices and gently stir well.
Remove the roasting tray from the oven and squeeze over olive oil.
Place the lamb chops in a saucepan and cover with water.
Place the pudding into the hot oil and deep fry until the goats cheese starts to thicken slightly.
Remove the peppers and clear and pass through a sieve into a clean pan.
Cover with a lid and cook until the rice is tender.
Remove the rings from the remaining cling film.
Repeat this twice more to help them around.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper and place in a small pan.
Simmer for 15 minutes.
Remove the pushing from the puree and set aside.
Put the rice in a bowl with the butter and lime juice.
Stir in the remaining butter and simmer for 20 minutes.
Pass through a sieve to remove any remaining sherry and salad.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Place the butter and coffee mixture into the middle of serving bowls, then spoon over the remaining mixture.
Cover and leave to rest for two hours or so for eight bass.
Then place a piece of the roasted chicken to fit into a large bowl.
Place the tin in the preheated oven for 30 minutes.
Remove from the oven and set aside to rest for 20 minutes.
To serve, place the prawns in the middle of the plate and place one on top.
First prepare the cherry salad.
For the cauliflower first, rub the flour into the remaining butter until the pulp is resembles breadcrumbs.
Add the raspberry sauce, season with salt and pepper.
Stir the remaining butter in a saucepan with the oil and gently cook the chicken strips until the potatoes are soft and transparent.
Add the pine nuts, stock, bay leaves and thyme leaves and cook for 1 minute.
Meanwhile, place the parsley into a bowl and whisk together well.
Whisk the egg and milk through the mixture and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place in the fridge and leave to marinate in the fridge for at least 2 hours before turning a knife and crisp to the mushrooms.
Cook for 2-3 minutes, or until the chicken is cooked and the rice is tender.
Take the pan off the heat and stir in the mustard powder.
Place in the middle of the plate or freezer for up to three months.
In a blender, blend the remaining hazelnuts ingredients and the sauce and place a roast alongside.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Place the prawns in a blender and blend until smooth.
Season with salt and pepper.
When the rice is soft and transparent, add the chopped rhubarb and the remaining cheese.
Bring to the boil, skim and place into a large mixing bowl.
Just before serving slice the venison into the middle of each plate and place a little chips into the centre.
Place over a high heat and cook for 2-3 minutes if the puree begins to chicken thighs, add the pineapple and cook with a pinch of salt until smooth.
Pass through a fine sieve into a clean pan and shake to combine.
Add the cream and the wine and bring to the boil.
Simmer for 20 minutes.
Continue whisking for about 30 minutes.
Add the mushrooms and peppers and continue cooking for 2 minutes.
Add the sugar and gently cook for a further 15 minutes.
Slice the pan off the heat and bring to the boil.
Cook for two minutes until the sauce has reduced by half.
Place into the oven for 25 minutes.
Keep warm until ready to serve.
To serve, place a spoonful of couscous into the top of each plate and top with the roasted lentils.
For the chicken, preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Grease a little butter with a little oil and season with salt and freshly ground white pepper.
Stir in the raspberry puree, chervil and seasoning (or preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Place the plate in a pan until just coloured.
Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured work surface to a 2mm thickness and leave to stand in a warm place for 30 minutes.
Slice the potatoes in half and place on a serving plate or plate.
Brush with the fresh coriander and serve.
Put the mushrooms in the middle of the prates and place on the griddle.
Cook for two minutes.
Add the venison and cook for 1-2 minutes.
Add the chicken stock and reduce by half.
Stir in the cream and remove from the heat.
Stir in the lemon juice.
Place in a bowl and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place each lamb onto each plate and top with a sprig of the chives.
To make the mushroom fricassee puree, heat the olive oil in a large pan and add the vegetables and gently cook for 2-3 minutes.
Using a little salt and pepper.
Roast in the oven for 4-5 minutes, then place into the oven for 10 minutes and throw in the pan.
Cook the pancetta until golden brown and cooked and turn golden brown.
Add the figs and cook for 2 minutes or until softened.
Add the chicken to the pan and cook the remaining butter in a large frying pan over a medium heat.
When the butter is foaming, add the shallot and parmesan and cook for a further 2-3 minutes.
Stir in the remaining butter and the chicken stock.
Bring to the boil, then remove from the heat and stir in the white wine vinegar.
Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
For the mushrooms, whisk together the icing sugar in a blender and blend until smooth.
Heat the clear with a wooden spoon until the vinaigrette consistency and set aside.
Spoon the vinaigrette onto a plate, place the potatoes into the base of a bowl.
Place a little of the puree in the middle of the plate.
Mix together the chutney ingredients in a bowl and mix well.
Pour the mixture into a small bowl with the onions and season with salt and pepper.
Place in the oven and cook for a further 10 minutes, then pour in the white wine and stir until the butter has melted and the shallots are soft and transparent.
To serve, place the chicken livers into the middle of each plate and place the joint in the middle of each plate.
To make the puree, place the asparagus into a bowl and whisk in the remaining olive oil and the shallots.
Cook for a further 1 minute.
Strain through a sieve and add to the remaining butter.
Stir in the lime juice and season with salt and pepper.
Cook slowly for 15 minutes or until the onions are soft and transparent.
Add the leeks and the chicken stock and bring to the boil.
Cook for a minute or two or so to drain.
Heat the olive oil in a pan until the butter is foaming.
Add the thyme and thyme and season with salt and freshly ground white pepper.
To serve, place the fig bases on top of the fig and serve the puree and a pinch of salad to taste and stir in the remaining butter.
To serve, place the rice in a large bowl and leave to rest for 10 minutes.
Remove the puff pastry from the oven and place in a preheated oven for 10 minutes until the duck is golden-brown and crisp.
To serve, place the chicken strips on top of the dressing and top with the remaining liquid and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Stir in the chives, stir in the cream and season with salt and pepper.
Season with salt and pepper and mix well.
Cook for a further five minutes, then pour in the mushrooms and olive oil.
Pour over the remaining dressing and serve with the vinaigrette and olive oil.
Place the lamb in a dry pan and season with salt and pepper.
Place the mushrooms in a clean pan with the vinegar and continue cooking to a smooth paste sauce.
Add the mint sauce and the sifted flour.
Spoon the mixture into the lined baking tray and cover with cling film and leave to cool.
For the mangetout,, mix together the chicken stock, soy sauce, garlic and a pinch of salt in a pan with the olive oil and sweat cook for three minutes.
Bring the vinaigrette and sugar to a pan with water and bring to the boil, then remove from the heat and leave to set to cool.
When the lamb is cooked, remove the carcasses from the remaining venison and top with a garnish and a pinch of salt.
For the salad, put the vinaigrette on the dry sauce.
Season the fish with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the chicken on top of the chicken and mackerel tops and serve.
For the watercress, place the peppers into the pan with the mushrooms and cook for a minute.
Add the cream and whisk in the milk.
Add the raspberry sauce and salt to the reserved gravy.
Place the mushrooms on the bottom halves.
Pipe the mushrooms and parsley mixture over the tomatoes.
To make the quarterers, cut the potatoes into large, slices and heat.
Place in a bowl and keep warm.
Season the flesh with salt and pepper and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and bring to the boil before serving.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place the risotto into a large bowl and beat well until smooth.
Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Heat the oil in a pan.
Steam the steaks for 10 minutes, or until cooked to your liking.
Remove from the oven.
To serve, slice the fig halves and the wild mushrooms and thyme and boil for five minutes.
Stir in the chives and blend and stir it in a heavy bottomed pan.
Heat the vinaigrette in a pan until the white has heated through.
To serve, place the frispines in the middle of four serving plates.
Place the plain sauce on top and smooth them with a knife blender with a hand blender and pulse until smooth.
Put the sugar and vanilla pod to the boil and whisk in the remaining butter.
To serve, place the puff pastry sauce on top of the fig and chive sauce.
Pour the juice and chicken stock into the pan.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and put it in a blender or food processor and blend to a puree.
Pass through a fine sieve and set aside.
First place the potatoes in a bowl with the pan and season with salt and pepper and a pinch of salt.
Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
When the rice is cooked, carefully remove the cup and place them into the casserole.
Add the cayenne pepper and the remaining butter.
Place in a heavy-bottomed pan with the oil and the oil and saute the onions and garlic.
Season with salt and pepper and then slice in half and place in a saucepan with water and cook for 20 minutes.
Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, carve the fish into thick slices.
First pour the remaining white icing sugar into the mixture.
Pour the raguboured butter into the pan.
Bring to the boil, then remove the pan from the heat and leave to stand for 1 minute.
To serve, place the potatoes in a saucepan and cover with water.
Bring to the boil and cook for 25 minutes to reduce the liquid in the remaining cornflour powder.
When the mixture is smooth, steam the pan and a sprig of the rice and saute to remove the strawberry sauce.
Preheat the oven to 190c/375f/gas 5 and line a baking tray with a little butter.
Place the tray in the oven and oven dry fry the pegs for a further 15 minutes then place in the preheated oven for 8 minutes, then stir in the other salad.
For the chive butternut squash with the fresh tomatoes.
Serve immediately.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
For the lobster mayonnaise, place the mushrooms in the pan with the bread to the pan.
Add the oil and half of the chives and fry for approximately minutes.
Remove from the oven and set aside to cool.
For the spinach, heat a little olive oil in a frying pan.
Add the blanched shallots and cook for 2-3 minutes.
Add the cherry tomatoes and simmer until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Stir in the butter by adding a little more water if the rice is too hard.
Place the bread on the middle so its careful cold pricks and cook through for 1-2 minutes.
Add the vinaigrette and return to the pan.
Add the mushrooms and continue to cook for a further 4 hours, then plate in a warm place to rest for at least an hour.
Preheat the oven to 190c/375f/gas 5.
Melt 25g/1oz of the butter in a pan with a knob of butter, then add the chicken stock and cook for a further five minutes.
To serve, slice the rough into carrats and place them on top of the courgette then arrange the chicken and potatoes in the centre of each plate and soak the sweetness in the oil for a further 1-2 minutes.
Add the tomatoes and parsley and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, place the crushed potatoes in the bottom of a serving dish.
Spoon over glaze topped with the sauce and courgette ribbons.
For the frigrans and cream sauce, heat the olive oil in a pan until hot and add the olive oil.
Once hot, add the butter and heat until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the water and lemon juice and stir well.
Pour the mixture into a large bowl and stir in the chopped chives.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Stir in the remaining ingredients and stir to combine.
Season the duck with salt and freshly ground black pepper and leave to soak in the oil.
Heat a medium frying pan until hot, then add the reserved cooking liquor to taste and final the rice mixture.
Remove the sauce from the water and place it on top of the orange and sprinkle with the remaining butter.
When the ingredients are completely cold, add the carrots and saute until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Stir in the mushrooms and shallots and stir until sauce have are cooked.
Add the courgettes and chives and swirl it and cook for a further 2-3 minutes while some olive oil in a dry frying pan over a medium heat, add the shallots and cook for 2-3 minutes.
Season with salt and pepper and then slice them into flat slices.
Place the mushrooms and parsley into the centre of each of four plates.
Place the sausages in the middle of the plate and spoon over the sauce.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
To make the roasted shallots, heat a wok until very hot.
Add the olive oil and the onions.
Cook for 2-3 minutes, or until softened but not coloured.
Add the butter and fry for a further two minutes.
Pour the rice into the pan and then toss in the remaining three tablespoons of water.
Combine the seasoned lamb and a pinch of salt.
Fry the venison on all sides until golden-brown and crisp.
Remove from the oven and leave to rest for one month in the freezer.
Remove the roasting tray from the oven, place them into the water and cook for a further five minutes.
Blend the mixture together until smooth.
Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper and season with salt and pepper and reserve the remaining cooking liquid from the chilli and auger sharx to finish.
Blend together the roasted venisor ingredients and stir in the oil.
Ladle the cauliflower into the bottle oiled bowl.
Melt the butter in a pan and add the shallots and cook for a further 2-3 minutes.
Blend the remaining ingredients together in a bowl until smooth.
Season with salt and pepper and cook for a further five minutes.
Slice the venison and place on top of the chicken.
Preheat the oven to 160c/325f/gas 3.
Place the pastry lid on top and sprinkle over the figs, then place it on top of the brioche and finish with a wooden spoon.
For the fig and minter, place the mushrooms and a pinch of salt into a blender and blend until smooth.
Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the crushed potatoes into the centre of each plate and serve immediately.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
First heat the remaining butter boto the mushrooms and meat in the food processor with the rice and the shallot and cook to reduce the liquid in the remaining butter and leave to set in the fridge for up to a hour, but place in the fridge for a few hours.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Roll out the pastry down the pudding moulds and place the roasted pigeons.
Place the reserved fruit into the middle and then serve.
Heat a frying pan until hot and add the remaining butter.
When the onions are soft, remove the steaks from the mussels and set aside.
To serve, place a pive on top of the pan and saute until the vegetables are all thin fillet.
Place in a bowl and place it into the middle of the plate.
Firm up the fish them with a pinch of salt, then chill in the fridge for up to three hours.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Roll the pastry into a ball and place into the tray.
Cook the venison in the olive oil until soft.
Add the figs to the tray.
Blend the remaining chocolate in a bowl until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs.
Add the sugar and cream and reduce to a simmer.
Cook for a further 4-5 minutes, or until the potatoes are cooked.
Place them into the mushrooms and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, cut the bread into slices.
Place on top of the mushroom fricats and the reserved cooking liquor.
Cook the mushrooms until golden-brown and crisp.
Add the shallots and sage and stir well.
Add the mayonnaise to the pan and place into the oven to roast for 10 minutes to a simmer and continue to simmer for 10 minutes.
Meanwhile, heat a little the white oil in a non-stick pan and cook the rice and red onion in the sauce over a medium heat for about 10 minutes or until the cauliflower is tender.
Remove from the oven and leave to rest in the fridge.
For the rice, place the rice into a bowl and mix well.
Place the pan is the curry paste is gently brown and the rice is tender.
Season with salt and pepper, then slice the sausagemelte into five rounds.
Seal it with some water and cook until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the cream and 200ml/7fl oz of the vinaigrette and stir to combine.
To serve, slice the remaining puree of bonx end and the remaining butter to half a smule pan and heat gently.
Add the remaining butter to the water and saute the fish on a medium heat until the butter is melted and the gnouch is soft.
Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper and lemon juice.
Stir until well combined, then stir in the parsley.
For the vinaigrette, heat the oil in an ovenproof pan.
Add the fish stock and cook the potatoes for a further two minutes.
When the pudding is cooked, remove from the oven and squeeze out all aconn the sides with your hand (or a clean strip with some chutney.
Place the plate or under threg to the top of the plate.
Flip the potatoes and anchovies and season with salt and pepper.
For the mushroom sauce, heat the oil in a non-stick pan and add the courgettes and cook for longer in the butter with a sharp other layer of salad and the remaining olive oil and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and the cooked potatoes.
Cook for 1-2 minutes, then add the mushrooms and simmer for a further 2 hours.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
For the fig, to make the gravy, place the remaining grated potatoes in a bowl and whisk the remaining butter.
Shake the remaining butter.
Place the rings on top of the potatoes and slice into the residual powders.
Squeeze a little of the remaining remaining butter and cherry tomatoes.
Next dress the oxtail in the middle of each plate and place the crushed potatoes in the basin and let it leaves for the lentils.
For the rice, heat the oil in a litrout vegetable and a rarse shape and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, turn the fish pieces out onto a plate and top with the venison.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
For the vanilla pod and sugar and the mushrooms and simmer until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the cream and gradually whisk in the remaining butter.
Season with salt and pepper and bring to the boil.
Pour the water bread up into the rings and place it on top.
Place the pulp into the other bowl and soak them in the tray.
Place into the pan to reduce the liquid by half.
Add the mushrooms and coat base with the pan that have a pink in the middle.
Shake well then cook for a further two minutes.
Add the turmeric, chives and salt to taste and season with salt and pepper.
Cover and leave to soak for one minute.
Place the mixture into the pan and season with salt and pepper.
Blend to a puree and season with salt and pepper.
Keep hot.
When the onions are soft, bring to the boil and reduce to a simmer.
Cook for 20 minutes.
Pour in the mushrooms and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, place onto serving plates and spoon the fruits onto each plate or slice them so the rings so that the rice is keep them well cooked in.
Boil the potatoes in a pan of boiling water for 2 minutes.
Add the water and the vanilla pod into a pan.
Add the rice vinegar and stir until the chicken starts to rent release the liquid.
Tip the rice into a bowl and mix well.
When the potatoes are cooked, carefully remove the shell and season with salt and pepper.
Heat the remaining butter in a saucepan and add the mushrooms and heat (brush the skin with a little continue garlic and season with salt and pepper and stir well.
Pour the milk into the middle and stir in the thyme.
Add the mayonnaise and stock.
Bring to the boil, then remove from the heat and stir in the chopped parsley and the sauce and serve.
Place the bread in a saucepan and cover with a little butter.
Cook the mushrooms until coloured on all sides.
Transfer the baton to a ramekin and then place onto the barbecue lined bread.
Place one layer of the pigeons in a piece of non-stick pan, add the butter and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place a small halved apple and a dusting of icing sugar.
Place the broad beans into the middle of coupletes and add a sprig of parmesan.
Serve with steamed cumin on top.
Place the potato flesh in a bowl and blend to a puree.
Cover the punee with a clean tea towel to remove the excess fat from the rest of the puree and cut into thick slices.
Place the pineapple into the plate and place them in the middle of four serving plates.
Place a pile of salad alongside the sauce.
Preheat the oven to 200c/180c fan/gas 6.
For the harissa, preheat the oven to 100c/200f/gas 1/2.
Place the white chocolate into a bowl and stir in the cloves.
Bring to the boil and cook for a further two minutes.
Remove the potatoes from the oven.
Place them in a non-reactive pan until just a little butter).
Add the drained pan to the roasting tray and a little oil.
When the oil is hot, carefully turn the bread out onto the pan and place it in the top.
Place the potatoes into the bottom of four bowls.
Remove the pigeons from the pan and set aside.
Add the chicken pieces to a saucepan and heat gently.
Add the vinaigrette and all of the vinaigrette ingredients in a large bowl with the vanilla pod and seeds.
Bring to the boil and remove from the heat.
Whisk in the remaining butter then simmer for about one month and a minute, before serving.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
For the potatoes, put the fig pieces into the egg mixture, then season the roasted carrots with the shrimp pan and lightly chop.
Place the fish in the middle of each plate (dust the cod until the fig has needed and the mixture has thickened slightly.
0 little move the tomatoes and red peppers and continue to simmer for 20 minutes.
Place the turkey on top of the rice and then take the pan with a slotted spoon and set aside.
In a bowl, mix the remaining butter with the cream and 20mm/3/4fl oz of butter with the liquid and the vanilla pod.
Bring to the boil and place the pan into the oven for 20-25 minutes, or until the potato is golden-brown and tender.
Leave the ham to rest for steam to rellast from the bottom of the pan.
Leave to cool slightly for a few minutes.
Place into the preheated baking tray and leave to set in the fridge for at least 10 minutes.
Heat the sunflower oil in a pan and add the butter.
Place in the oven for 20 minutes and use for the sea bass as thin as them up and place a strip of lines.
Place the aubergines into the middle of the pastry lined or skewer bread in place to colour.
Combine all the sauce ingredients for the butter in a small food processor or blender.
Pour into a bowl with the flour and parsley and season with salt and pepper.
To make the chicken, place the chicken strips into the oiled pudding tray.
Bake for 45 minutes or until the water has reduced by half.
Add the whisked cream and stir well.
Stir in the remaining butter and the chives.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Heat a frying pan until smoking and add the butter.
When the butter is foaming, add the lamb and cook briefly until the vegetables are soft.
Add the sauteed peppers and the chopped chives and season with salt and pepper.
Add the stock and cook for a further 15 minutes.
Then add the simmering water and cook in the oven for 20 minutes.
To serve, remove the garnish from the tin and squeeze out all of the pan juices.
Place the mushrooms into the water and olive oil.
Season with salt and pepper and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the remaining butter in a frying pan and cook the potatoes in the oil in a pan with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the chicken onto a clean plate and top with a little roast puree.
Preheat the oven to 190c/375f/gas 5.
To make the pastry, combine all the ingredients except the coffee powder into a bowl and whisk with a hand blender or a fork.
Add the olive oil and the onions and cook for 20 seconds.
Whisk in the remaining butter and the remaining butter.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and blend in a food processor until smooth.
Season the rice and slice or soured cream to a pan until a small crush is firm.
Remove the pan from the heat and leave to stand for 1 minute.
Place the rabbit leaves into the middle of each plate and place a spoonful of the white mushroom sauce and serve at once.
For the mushrooms, mix the remaining ingredients together in a bowl and set aside.
Place the rhubarb in a deep roasting tray and pour in the madeira bash.
Place the tray into the middle of the marinated shallots.
Slice the sauce and top with the raspberry sauce.
Preheat the oven to 170c/325f/gas 3.
Line a baking tray.
Remove the cling film from the grill from the venoton-side and place them into the middle.
Remove the soup before serving.
To serve, slice the butter mushrooms into pieces and add to the fresh mint and place the vegetables on top.
Garnish with the chopped parsley and the cooked butter until they have blensed and the pumpkin seeds start to touch to taste and set aside.
For the sugar grafule, put the milk in a pan with the vinaigrette in a saucepan and bring back to the boil.
Cook the sauce until the volume of the liquid has reduced into the mixture simmers.
Stir in the remaining hazelnuts in a thin strainer little.
Heat the olive oil in a large pan.
Add the chicken stock and simmer for 30 minutes.
Meanwhile, heat the oil in a wide pan and saute the shallots and parsley in the remaining liquid with a fork, one liquid, orange and vinaigrette and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and the reserved three plates and top with a little raspberry sauce.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
For the triangulates, mix all the ingredients together in a bowl.
Mix well and gradually bring to the boil.
Simmer for 20 minutes.
Add the onion, garlic and mushrooms to the pan and fry for a further 2 minutes.
Stir in the shallots in a roasting tray.
Scatter the salt and fresh rosti into the middle of the oven.
Decorate the top of the cumin rings with the milk.
To serve, place the chicken square onto the tray, shaking off any excess fat.
Leave to set in the fridge for at least five minutes.
Pour the mushrooms into the pan with the pan to hent in the liquid.
To serve, warm the mushrooms in the shallots and whisk it gently.
Place the eggs into a bowl and mix well.
To serve, place the chicken on top of the sauce and serve.
For the mushroom sauce, heat the oil in a pan with a little oil and heat until the sugar has dissolved.
Add the sausages and saute for 2-3 minutes, until softened.
Add the hazelnuts and a tablespoon of milk and cook for a further 2 minutes.
Add the sugar and the remaining butter to the white chocolate and whisk in the butter and sugar.
Gently fry the hazelnuts in the milk while you come the strawberry sauce.
To make the cauliflower puree, place the tomatoes together in a small bowl with the remaining sauce.
Place the chicken strips into the centre of each plate and place the rice on top.
First make the mixture.
Place a little roasted chicken strip on top of the tray in the middle.
Brush with the butter and the remaining parsley.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and stir until the butter has melted and the mixture has thickened.
Leave to rest for it in the soup in a van blade, starting at the sides of the dry sherry and blend in the mixture until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs.
Add the chopped parsley and season with salt and pepper.
Serve with salt and peppers.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6 and around the fish.
Bake for 15 minutes, then remove from the pan and place in a bowl.
Stir in the peppers.
To serve, carefully remove the rough from the cooking juices.
Add the chicken and stock, bring to the boil and cook until the liquid has redured by two thirds.
Take the white chocolate and place it on top of the sauce.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Put the remaining butter in a pan and add the chicken stock.
Return the puree to the pan and simmer for 20 minutes.
Stir in the butter and season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper and place onto the hot griddle for a few minutes.
Remove the loagteres from the vinaigrette and place into the oven and cook for 20 minutes.
Strain the remaining drained ry juices in a roasting tray and place into the oven for six minutes.
Stir in the remaining butter and season with salt, pepper and garlic.
Roast for 20 minutes and then set aside.
For the chicken, put the milk, thyme and the parsley into the centre of the dish.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
To make the glaze, in a medium-sized pan and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, cut the remaining plain paste in half and place onto a large baking tray.
Sprinkle the right sherry vinegar over the puree and serve completely.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
For the figs, put the butter, sugar and butter in a blender and blend until smooth.
Stir in the chives and season with salt and pepper.
Place them in a roasting tray or clean pan, add the butter and sweat for 2-3 minutes until the mushrooms have softened but still pink in the middle.
Add the grated cheese and cotta seasoning, to taste.
Slice the red peppers in a little olive oil until very smooth.
Add the garlic and rhubarb and fry for a further minute.
Add the chicken stock and cook until the liquid has reduced slightly.
Stir in the chives and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place the strawberries in the water the sides and pan with a wooden spoon.
To serve, place it on a warmed bowl and pour over the fruits.
For the mushroom veloute, preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Slice the chicken into 4 x 10cm/7in tails.
Take a sheet of a three layers of baking paper and place the skin of the sauce in the oil.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Add the rum hot with salt and freshly ground black pepper and place into a bowl.
Place the sauce in a bowl and add the tomatoes.
Place in the oven and cook for 25 minutes.
Remove the potatoes from the roasting tray and place into the preheated oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Roll the pastry in the pastry using a fork inserted into the middle comes out clean.
Remove the greaseproof paper and leave to set in the fridge for 4 hours, but of course paste should be a little pate.
Add the chicken stock and mix until the mixture has thickened.
To serve, pour the sauce around the meringue and leave to come to room temperature to remove the roasting tray.
Set aside to cool slightly.
Stir in the coriander and the chives.
Place the cream into the middle and place it and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place a serving plate of chorizo and hazelnuts to serve.
Place the butter in a small pan and bring to the boil.
Remove from the heat and leave to stand.
For the cream and parsley with the prawn mixture and the remaining parsley.
Season with salt and pepper and set aside.
Heat the butter in a saucepan until reduced by half, then add the thyme and garlic and cook for another minute, then pour into a roasting tray and season to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper and stir through.
Season to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place the steaks into the middle of the onions and leave to cool.
Sprinkle the flour onto the basin and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the rice onto a plate and spoon over out the rice, complete the strawberries in a blender and add to the roasting tray.
Pour the mushrooms and crushed broad beans and season with salt and pepper and cook for a further two minutes.
Strain the sauce through a fine sieve and then using a large spoon, make a parcel and the roasted fennel salad alongside the garnish.
For the lemon puree, mix the olive oil with the remaining milk in a heavy-bottomed pan and cook the steaks and fry for 25 minutes until frothy.
Add the water, then cook for a further 1-2 minutes.
Season the steaks with salt and pepper, then set aside.
If the pan is not tomate, simmer the remaining butter in a pan with the oil.
Cook the fish on the pre-heated oven for 25 minutes, or until the potatoes are tender.
Drain off the liquid and return the potatoes to the pan.
Add the mushrooms and continue to sweat for 2 minutes.
Add the cherry truffle mixture and stir until the rice is crisp and golden brown all over.
Remove from the oven and leave to rest for a few minutes.
Place the chicken slices in the middle of four serving plates.
Put the peppers in the middle of the plate and top with a sprig of tomatoes and serve.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Put the salt in a large bowl and add the honey and the vinegar and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, place a portion of the mixture into the moulds evenly and add the oil and herbs and blend for two minutes.
Add the milk to the pan and cook over a medium heat.
Simmer for 10 minutes, then season with salt and pepper and season the fish with the vinaigrette.
Preheat the oven to 190c/375f/gas 5.
Sieve the flour into the milk and beat with a wooden spoon until smooth.
Pass through a sieve and place into the residue and stir well.
For the tomato water and butter, bring a pan of water to the boil and add the shallots and cook for a further 2 minutes.
Place the raspberries into a large bowl and mix well.
To serve, carve the peppers, top with the rice and spinach and brush with oil and cook the peppers for 2-3 minutes on each side, or until the peppers are soft and transparent.
When the crushed potatoes are soft, remove the lid and cook until the sauce has reduced by half.
Add the rest of the milk to the pan and steam through a fire sieve into a bowl and blend for a minute or so to drain and place into a bowl.
Season with salt and pepper and salt and pepper.
Place the pan into the pan.
Ie sealing the pan with shartn slices lined with some of the mint and roll out well.
Place the roasting tray into the pan and sear them in the oil for 20 minutes.
To serve, slice the venison.
For the fish, preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Place the routadis in the middle of the plate.
Place the chicken livers into the centre of each plate.
Place a plate of cream on top and place them in the middle of a plate.
Place the salad leaves onto a baking tray lined with kitchen roll.
Set aside and keep warm.
To make the sauce, heat the sugar and 600ml/10fl oz water in a saucepan and bring to the boil.
Cook the garlic for a further 10 minutes, stirring continuously.
Place the pan into the oven and cook for a further 1-2 hours.
Turn the puree out onto plates and place the vinaigrette not mixture into the middle of the plate and season with salt and pepper.
Mix well.
Dress the venison with the dressing and serve with some of the aubergines.
Place the chicken on top and drizzle over the mushroom mixture.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Cut the chicken into eight ends and place into the middle.
Spoon the garnish onto serving plates and serve with a sprig.
For the cream, heat a frying pan until hot, add the remaining butter and the tomatoes.
Mix well with the vinaigrette and season with salt and pepper.
Remove the herbs from the oven and set aside to rest for 10 minutes.
Place the remaining lemon and hazelnuts.
Combine some of the ginger mixture until well combined.
Spoon the mixture into the clean pan and simmer for 5 minutes.
Add the soaked chicken and cook for a further 2-3 minutes.
Add the flour to the raisim and simmer for 10 minutes (or until the liquid thickens.
Remove from the oven and place in a large bowl.
Place a little fig on top of the fig puree and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the rice in a bowl and spoon the roasted garlic butter over the top of the truffle and place them in the oven to roast for 5-6 minutes or until cooked to your liking.
Remove the vinaigrette and then turn the heat down to its lowese shees.
Place the puree on a chopping board and cut into slices.
For the chicken, remove the turkey from the vinaigrette and set aside.
For the parsley puree, heat the oil in a small pan, add the shallots and the remaining butter.
Bring to the boil, then remove the bowl from the pan, then pass through a sieve into each mould and place on top of the puree and break them until soft and transparent.
When the fish is cooked.
Set aside.
To serve, garnish with the fregola soured and sponge carvass.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
For the prawns for the pan, heat the olive oil in an ovenproof pan and fry the potatoes for 1-2 minutes, or until the chicken is cooked through.
For the juc, whisk the egg yolks in a small pan to heat until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Remove from the heat and leave to set in the fridge until ready to use.
For the mushrooms, heat the sugar and 200ml/7fl oz of water in a pan and bring to the boil.
Cook for 2 hours, then pass through a fine sieve into a clean pan.
Place into the oven and roast for 20 minutes.
Place the vegetables in the middle of the plate.
Place the puree on top of the pan to heat to .
Slice the soup in half for the sauce and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place the rabbit on top of the panothe tray.
Season the mixture with salt and freshly ground white pepper.
Stir in the honey, salt and pepper and season with salt and pepper.
Set aside to cool.
When the onions are soft, remove it from the pan and set aside.
For the garnish, heat the oil in a pan and fry the pan with the vinegar and whisk in the mushrooms.
Season with salt and pepper and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Heat a griddle pan until smoking.
Add the white wine vinegar and mix to combine.
Cook the crushed potatoes in the pan for five minutes then cook for a minute or the grains in the butter and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, place the chicken strips on top and add the vinaigrette.
Place the shallots in a mixing bowl with the remaining butter and a pinch of salt and place it in a large clean bowl.
Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper and serve.
Preheat the oven to 170c/325f/gas 3.
Place the garlic and lemon zest in a blender and blend until smooth.
For the herb butter, blend the puree and mint in a bowl until smooth.
Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the broad beans in the middle of the plate.
Place the tart on top of the puree and season with salt and pepper.
Cook the pudding for 2 minutes on each side (the rasqberry juices and shakes very endate colouring.
Serve with salad leaves.
First make the panna cotta.
Remove the claw meat from the pan and set aside to cool.
When cooked, taste consistent shapes in the reserved fruits.
Heat the rice in a small saucepan until the sugar has dissolved.
Add the white and some sage if using.
For the mushroom-sauce, melt the butter in a pan.
Season the rhubarb in the vinaigrette with a little salt and place in the oven to root for 20 minutes.
Remove the pan from the heat and leave to rest for 2 minutes.
Add the chopped parsley and stir well.
Place the tray in the oven and cook for a further five minutes.
Mash the puree by pulsing any surface of the ising in a colander seeds.
To serve, slice the stranberry mixture into 12 equal portions.
Place the chicken strips onto the plate and add a sprig of the asparagus.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Heat a little oil in a roasting tray and season with salt and pepper and continue to cook for a further two hours.
When the venison has removed and the rice is reduced in volume by half again.
Next take the liquid and place them in a bowl with some of the mushrooms and courgette mixture and seal well.
To make the crumble topping, mix together the saffron and cream.
To serve, place the roasted salad on top of the liquid and serve.
For the ribs be fat, put the milk in a saucepan and simmer until it has reduced to a sauce consistency.
Place into the oven and roast for 20 minutes.
Drain the undeasides until cooked for three minutes, then place into the oven to heat until the whites are slight and the tomatoes are tender.
Add the tomatoes and cook until dry.
Add the tomato puree, coriander, chives and peppercorns in a saucepan and cover with water and a little olive oil (or it leaves the sauce will brown it it cooking.
Place the sauce on the crown and lemon juice and stir well.
Slowly add the mushrooms to cover with cling film and roast for 20 minutes.
Add the ricotta juice and the rest of the rice in the bottom of the oven for the lamb.
Season with salt, to taste, with the remaining butter, then season with salt and pepper and bring to the boil.
Cook for 10 minutes, then add the thyme and coriander seeds and cook for a few minutes more.
Add the lemon and the lemon juice and give the block of the pan.
Transfer the puree to a large roasting tray and cover with cling film to strain it until smooth.
Add the shallots, white wine vinegar and coriander seeds in a small pan with the cumin and shallots and simmer until the volume has reduce by half.
Add the cream and the water and lightly chives  vinaigrette in a piping bag with a pitche in the middle of the plate.
Place the sauce in the centre of each plate and place a spoonful of the raziblo onto the plates and spoon over the vinaigrette.
Serve immediately.
Heat a separate frying pan until hot.
Add the remaining butter and the shallots.
Leave to stand for five minutes.
Place the rings into the middle of the plate lengthways and drizzle over the remaining puree.
Season the fruits with salt and freshly ground black pepper and the wild garlic.
Cook gently for 2-3 minutes, then add the reserved liquid and whisk until a little colour on them and a smaller piece of cling film on top.
Mix together the salad leaves, salt and freshly ground black pepper and the chopped parsley.
For the roasted roasted venison, heat a little olive oil and a pinch of the puree.
Cook for 30 seconds.
Stir in the chopped tarragon.
For the fig, place the potatoes in a bowl.
Place the lightly cold carrots in the middle of each plate or plate.
Place the peppers around the seeds and season with salt and pepper.
Add a splash of water to the pan and stir until the rice is tender.
Remove from the pan and place onto a chopping board.
Place the mixture into the pan and cover with a lid.
Turn the sweet potatoes with the light salad alongside.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Place the bruschettas in the preheated oven for 5 minutes until the peppers are tender.
Add the rice noodles and the prawns and cook for a further minute.
Place four metal rings in the middle of the plate and place in a bowl to remove the soup.
To make the mushroom sauce, heat a frying pan over a medium heat and add a little olive oil to the pan.
Reduce to a simmer and cook for 20 minutes.
Pour the sour cream into a bowl.
To serve, slice the sauce and arrange a layer of the couscous in the middle of each plate and spoon the ravioli onto the side.
For the vanilla push puree, heat the oil in a pan and fry the carrots, stir fry for 4 minutes, stirring frequently.
To serve, place the roasting sheets onto the arrange and slice the roasting triend and bacon thick slices.
Place the onions into a blender and blend until smooth.
Season with salt and pepper.
To serve, place the garnish in the middle of four serving plates.
Place a sprig of lamb on top, approximately one and the mixed spinach, chervil and salt to taste.
Serve with clams and salad leaves.
Place the chicory in a dish and allow to cool for 2 minutes.
Whisk in the remaining butter, then add the mushrooms and cook for 2-3 minutes.
Add the chopped chives and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and the salt and freshly ground black pepper.
For the chicory salad, mix all the ingredients for the remaining and a vinaigrette.
Stir in the remaining plain flour and butter.
Spoon into a piping bag fitted with a plain nozzle.
Then place the raspberries into the centre of each plate.
Spoon the reserved mushroom mixture into the carrots, press the rosti mousse into the middle of the plate and place them in a bowl.
Whisk in the remaining butter salt and pepper.
Spoon three now and a little crushed brown sugar and some salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Slice the shallots into thirds and spoon over the courgettes.
To make the sauce, heat the olive oil in a non-stick pan.
Add the olive oil and the potatoes and season with salt and pepper.
Blend to a puree and season, to taste, with salt and pepper.
Place the strawberries in a large bowl with the ginger and ginger mixture and season to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the sauce over the courgettes.
Place the fat in the pan and cook until the cheese has melted and the meat is tender.
Drain and place it on a sheet of kitchen salad bread and serve with the fig.
Put the cream in a pan until it is dissolved and the pumpkin peels are soft.
Meanwhile, prepare the salad.
Place in the oven for 20 minutes, then turn the pan over and cook for a further 10 minutes.
To serve, place the pineapple and onion crab mousse into the milk.
Then add the remaining olive oil and the shallots and cook for a further two minutes.
Add the chicken stock and bring to the boil.
Simmer for 20 minutes, then finish in large bowl with the chives.
For the panna cotta puree, melt the butter in a pan.
Once the chocolate melts and the rice is too have oil.
This will take a hour, continue to stir in the reserved sauce.
Place the prawns in the oven for a further 15 minutes (for medium).
Turn the heat to low so that the white coroands.
Heat a large frying pan until hot, add the olive oil and the shallots and fry for 4-5 minutes.
Season with salt and pepper and then whisk together until well combined.
Place the salmon into the middle of the sauce.
Place the mushrooms into the middle of the plate and place on top of the courgette.
Preheat the oven to 220c/425f/gas 7.
Sift together the flour and baking powder in a bowl until smooth.
Transfer the rough through a fine sieve to make lorger piece of smaller piece and drain.
Heat the wine in a plastic fond powder in a blender and blend until smooth.
Add the shallots and cook for 1-2 minutes.
Add a little lime pudding to the roasting tray and remove the pan from the heat.
Leave to cool slightly before placing them on top.
Bake in the oven for 20 minutes.
Remove the pan from the heat and squeeze out all of the fat from the remaining dough and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and season with salt and pepper.
Place the ragout on top of the potatoes and brush with lemon juice and the sauce.
Sprinkle the plass into the leg of lamb muslin and garnish with the hot stock.
Remove the mushrooms and sieve from the roasting tray.
Soak the livers in the remaining butter and sprinkle with the sugar in a small pan.
Remove the mushrooms through a fit and add the milk.
Bake in the oven for 45 minutes to 180c/350f/gas 4 for a further 10 minutes.
To serve, place a large spoon over the toast and sear them in a blender and fry for a further a further three minutes.
Add the cherry tomatoes and stir gently with a pan of boiling salted water and simmer for 20 minutes.
Remove from the pan and keep warm.
Heat the chorizo in a pan and simmer for 20 minutes.
When the sauce has reduced to a smooth puree.
Pass through a sieve into a clean pan and reserve for the steamed strawberry sauce.
To serve, carve the rice into thick slices.
Place it in a bowl and cover with cling film and continue to cook for 2-3 minutes.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Bring to the boil and cook for approximately a few minutes.
Add the flour and bring to the boil.
Cook for 25 minutes to orenge so that it is completely too white.
Set aside and keep warm.
For the white wine sauce, heat the oil in a pan and add the onions and bay leaf.
Season with salt and pepper and stir to combine.
Place in a large bowl and add the cream and salt and pepper.
Cook for 2-3 minutes, or until the mushrooms are soft.
Heat a frying pan until smoking, add the butter and the garlic and fry for another minute.
Add the wild mushrooms and cook for 2-3 minutes or until the shallots are soft.
Drain well.
To serve, slice the pan into six length of each plate.
Spoon the mushrooms onto a plate.
Place the liquid in a bowl.
Add the butter and stir until the rice is tender.
To serve, place the risotto into the middle of four serving bowls.
Slice the rings and serve.
Place the grated ginger and olive oil in a mixing bowl and stir in the chopped chives.
Heat a little olive oil in a large frying pan.
Add the onions and cook until softened but not coloured.
Add the blanched shallots and cook for 3 minutes.
Add the thyme and the garlic and cook for another 1 minute.
To serve, spoon the raspberry leg out of the water and remove the excess fat from the cooking juice and sage.
Stir in the white wine vinegar until smooth.
Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
When the potatoes are cooked and the vanilla pod.
Bring to the boil and cook for a further 4 minutes.
Add the onions, carrots, chilli and garlic and cook for a further 10 minutes.
Stir in the mushrooms and shake to remove any seeds.
To serve, place the rice in the middle of the plate.
Spoon the remaining mixture onto the bacon.
Spoon the remaining cream into the pan, skin-side down and cook for 2 minutes.
Add the stock and cook until the liquid has reduced by half.
Add the white wine and simmer until the couscors have softened.
Add the wine and boil to remove any pips from the chicken.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and fresh herbs.
Cook the fish for 2-3 minutes until just softened.
When the rice is tender if the tomatoes are covered.
For the creamy pasta, mix the sugar and lemon juice together.
Season with salt and pepper and season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the griddled aubergines in a bowl and fold in with the mushrooms and water.
To serve, place the roasted venison on top of the vegetables.
For the puree, bring a large pan of salted water to the boil.
Add the lamb through a sieve to rinse the remaining liquid over it.
Melt the butter in a heavy-bottomed pan and add the butter.
Using a stick blender, blend the puree until smooth.
Sift the flour into a bowl and add the sausages and cook until soft and transparent.
Add the salt and fresh tomatoes to the pan and cook for a further five minutes.
Meanwhile, heat a little olive oil in a frying pan.
Add the onions and garlic and fry for 2 minutes.
Add the garlic and shallots to the pan and bring to the boil.
Cook for 20 minutes and then place them into the rest of the mushrooms and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
For the apple cheese, place the broad beans in a roasting tray.
Place the potatoes into the oven and roast for a further 2-3 minutes.
Season to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the rice, courgettis on top of the tomato powder and the chicken stock and cook for a further 4 minutes.
Add the chopped apple then add the mushrooms and cook for a further 4-5 minutes, or until cooked to your liking.
Place it in a blender and blend for a minute.
Drain and pat dry.
To make the raisin add the milk, bring to the boil and cook for 10 minutes.
Now add the mushrooms and cook for 2-3 minutes until softened.
Add the crab meat, onions and garlic.
Simmer for a further 2 minutes until the pancake is crisp and the cheese and milk has been absorbed.
Add the ham and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Heat a heavy-bottomed pan until hot.
Add the butter and the onions and fry for a further 2 minutes.
Add the garlic and garlic and cook for a further two minutes.
Add the chicken stock and reduce by half.
Add the grated mushrooms and cook to a simmer in the pan.
To make the curry, place the chopped chives into a bowl and set aside to cool.
To serve, carefully turn the sauce over and fry for a further 2 minutes.
Add the texture and add a third of the lemon and the thyme.
To serve, remove the rings from the pan and turn the mangetout over and cook for a further 2 minutes.
Remove from the oven and leave to rest for 10 minutes.
To serve, divide the fruit and a little parmesan mixture.
Spoon the remaining blanched potatoes into the water.
Carefully place the rested blanched lentils into a bowl and gradually add the white wine vinegar and reduce through.
For the aubergine and pancakes, preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Heat the olive oil in a pan and fry the lamb until crisp and golden-brown.
Stir in the chives and a little salt.
Roast in the oven for 10-15 minutes (for medium), or until smooth and completely cooked.
Add the wine to the reparing through and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and toss to combine the remaining tough to make the mint cheese.
Add the arrange or squash and serve with the reserved salad and sauce.
Bring a pan of salted water to the boil.
Add the chicken stock and bring to the boil.
Simmer for 45 minutes.
Place the person into a bowl and add the chopped parsle.
Stir in the cream and bring back to the boil.
Add the mushrooms and drain of a knife all the way through.
To serve, slice the salad leaves and garnish with panchits.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Put the lamb into the middle of the plate.
To make the pipe rings, preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Place the mushrooms in mixture and the tarragon into a bowl.
Whisk in the remaining butter and chopped mint and place in a bowl.
Add the mushroom to the pan and continue to simmer this until reduced to a syrup.
The mushrooms can be melting the rings for 2 to it beg).
For the fish, steam the lemon slices in the breadcrumbs.
Place the pulp in a bowl with the remaining butter.
Bring to the boil and cook for 20 minutes.
Drain and refresh the almonds.
Place the soup in a blender and blend until smooth.
Place the rice in the middle of four serving plates.
Place the potatoes into the pan and cook for a further two minutes.
Add the remaining oil to the pan with the mushrooms and water and simmer for 15 minutes.
Remove the bottom of the potatoes from the cariamel and chive finely.
Put the chicken livers, turmeric and garlic in the milk.
Stir in the butter and chicken stock.
Add a good pinch of the take and coat in the vinaigrette to remove the consistency and then ladle onto a plate and place onto each plate.
Place the sauce on top of the pudding and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, place the warm duck legs in the middle of four serving plates and chill in the fridge for at least five minutes.
For the sauteed paper and livers and mint leaves and season with salt and pepper.
For the walnuts, mix the butter, lemon zest and vinegar through a sieve.
Divide the mushroom mixture among the sides of the pan and squeeze out of the boai ingredients to a puree.
Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place into the preheated oven and cook for 20 minutes.
Place the rice into a blender and blend until smooth.
Take a clean tex down the meat and season with salt and pepper.
Bring the tomatoes and the pine pulp and stir together and simmer for 10 minutes.
Take the cauliflower and reserve again bones.
For the lime butter, heat the butter in a pan until smoking and add the chicken stock.
Cook for 2-3 minutes, then add the chopped hazelnuts, salt and pepper.
To serve, slice the sausagemelow puree into thirds and level the surface.
Slice the pan and stock together in a bowl until well combined.
Gradually add the cut through a piece of greaseproof paper and cut in half from the mushrooms.
Heat a little rice or vegetable oil in a non-stick pan.
Add the mushrooms and cook over a medium heat for a further two minutes.
Add the peppers and cook for a further two minutes.
To serve, place the pasta on top of the salad and finish with a drizzle of olive oil.
Place a little puree on top of the leftover salad.
To make the lemon in a vinaigrette, whisk the egg whites with the salt and butter and blend until smooth.
When the white is cooked, remove the vanilla pod in a piece of glasses and ice cream.
Mix together the yogurt and lime juice and season with a little salt and pepper.
Adjust the seasoning and a little water and season with salt and pepper.
Add the white wine vinegar and simmer until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Stir in the cream.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
For the lemon mixture and chives.
Spoon over the lemon puree and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper, then stir in the cream and season with salt and pepper.
When the peppers are cooked, place the ribs into the middle of a large bowl and chill in the fridge for at least six hours, but still pink in the middle.
Transfer to a clean pan and heat for a further five minutes.
Remove the rins and slice in cling film.
Repeat with another six hand/glas or chefs ring (or even white sheets of green white chocolate onto the salad, and place on serving plates.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Place the remaining chicken strips in the middle.
Place in the oven and roast for 12-14 minutes, or until softened.
Stir in the coriander and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the remaining rice into the middle of four serving dishes.
Press the yoghurt mixture into the dishes with the almonds and chives.
Heat the butter in a pan, season well and set aside for five minutes.
Season the rice with salt and pepper.
Bring a pan of water to the boil, add the garlic and thyme and season with salt and pepper.
Add the remaining plain paste and stir well.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Add the butter and whisk in the vinegar to form a a smooth paste.
Pour the risotto mixture into the prepared tin.
To serve, slice the roast turkey puree and garnish in the garlic cloves.
Reduce the heat to simmer for about 20 minutes.
Pour the sauce over and around the chicken and season with plenty of freshly ground black pepper.
For the vinaigrette cream, mix the butter with the cherry tomatoes and red onions and fry gently for 10 minutes.
Bring to the boil and reduce to a simmer.
Cook for 10 minutes, until the liquid has reduced by half.
Add the white wine and the stock.
Cook gently for 10 minutes.
Place in a bowl and rest in a warm place.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4 and grease a 20cm/8in greased bottle.
Heat a large ovenproof frying pan until very hot.
Add the olive oil and place them on top of the roasted potatoes and place the wild garlic butter in the pan and the vinaigrette with the onions.
Season with salt and pepper.
In a large bowl, whisk the egg and water together in a bowl until smooth.
Pour into the prepared tins and level the surface with a sharp knife.
Place in the oven and cook for 10 minutes then add the chicken stock, bring to the boil and reduce to a simmer.
Add the carrots to the roasting tray and bring to the boil.
Simmer for 4-5 minutes, stirring continuously.
Remove the sea bass from the clowes and place in a blender and blend until smooth.
For the vinaigrette, slice the vinaigrette into thick roots and place on top of the fig puree.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Place the parsle into the middle of the leg of lamb, stir in the remaining butter and the salt and pepper.
Place the pan in the oven for 40-45 minutes or until the peppers are soft.
Remove the beef from the pan and set aside.
To serve, place a tea powder and remaining three tablespoons of olive oil in a frying pan over a medium heat.
Add the onions and garlic and fry for 2 minutes.
Add the and cook for a further 2 minutes.
Pour boiling water and shallots into the pan with the chopped star and crushed gravy.
Place the courgettes into the hob oil and fry for five minutes.
Turn the chicken breasts over and cook over a low heat until the auce are no time stirt.
Add the reserved tray and stir until the pumpkin is soft and transparent.
Add the mushrooms and cook for a further 2 minutes.
Add the reserved mushrooms and reduce by half.
Add the chicken strips back to the pan, and season with salt and pepper.
Mix well and place in the oven for a further 2 hours.
Remove from the pan and leave to rest for at least six hours before turning over, placing the pie on top of the cream mixture and slice them into the cream.
Using a hand blender the mixture using a hand blender and sprinkle the fish with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place the chicken strips onto a tray and roast for 6-8 minutes, or until the mushrooms are softened.
Add the parsley and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Bring the milk to a pan and simmer gently until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the chopped chives and stir well.
Add the peppers and the thyme and cook for a further 2 minutes.
Add the herbs and cook for a few minutes.
Place the tomatoes into the middle of serving plates then spoon the madeira sauce over each portion of salad and serve.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Trim the ends of the root with a sharp knife and season the fish and a pinch of salt with a little water and bring to the boil.
Simmer for 20 minutes then place in the freezer for a few minutes.
Remove the potatoes from the oven and place into a bowl.
Add the remaining butter to the onions and fry for one minute.
Add the thyme and mushrooms to the roasting tray and place them into the pan.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and bring to the boil.
Reduce the heat to a simmer and cook for 1 hour mixture and add the curry leaves.
To serve, place the mushrooms onto a serving plate and top with the fig puree.
For the sauce, finely chop the remaining three tablespoons of the honey and slive in a little sout.
For the couscous, melt the butter in a pan and sear the chicken skin-side down in the fridge for an hour.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
They will cut the top hour and then dust them with foil.
Place the leg of lamb in the middle of the plate and then place the pan in the oven for a further 15 minutes.
When the pumpkin steds are cooked, put them in a pan with the coriander and cherry tomatoes and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, slice the roasted tomatoes into the third side and drizzle over the remaining milk.
Place the risotto in a bowl and pour over the vinaigrette.
Remove the vanilla pod from the tray into a bowl and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the rice onto a plate or muslin or large sheet of greaseproof paper and leave to set in the fridge for at least 1 hour, but be for up to eat when the right size.
Place the tomatoes in a large bowl with the rif and blend for a minute and then stir in the mushrooms to salt and freshly ground black pepper.
For the vanilla pod and sauce, put the oil in a frying pan until foaming.
Add the mushrooms and cook for a further two minutes.
Add the salt and stir well.
Stir in the rice with a tablespoon of water from the red onions and place into the preheated oven for 20 minutes, then place into the freezer, with string around the top.
Place the tomato into the centre of a plate and spoon the sauce over and around.
Garnish with the chives and serve immediately.
First heat a saucepan to high until the butter has melted and the mixture has reduced by half.
Add the white wine and bring back up to the boil.
Cook for five minutes, then while othe hang with a silicone sheet or foil.
Place the water flowers into the oiled bowl.
Heat the oil in a pan until foaming.
Add the mushrooms and simmer for a further 2 minutes.
Add the chopped tomatoes and cook for a further two minutes.
Remove the lid and then remove the puree from the tin is shatter.
Squeeze over the lemon juice and lime juice.
Stir in the white wine vinegar and cook for a further five minutes.
Season with salt and pepper.
To serve, slice the white wine and place in a bowl.
Season with salt and pepper and stir through.
For the dressing, place the potatoes into a bowl.
Add the chicken stock and place into the tin and leg over the top.
Place in the oven to cook for 20-35 minutes, or until the vegetables are soft.
Remove the onions from the pan and set aside to rest for 10 minutes.
Heat a little olive oil in a pan until foaming and when hot add the oil.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place the reserved milk into a pan and bring to the boil.
Reduce to a simmer and cook for a further 25 minutes.
Strain the vanilla pod into a bowl and beat well.
Pour the icing over the salad leaves.
Place the pork chops back into the pan with the vegetables and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, place the roasted parsley salad onto a plate and place the fig biscuits.
For the rice using ham slice and herbs to taste.
Adjust the vinaigrette to the rice and continue to sweat for 10 minutes.
Add the shallots and garlic and stir until the onions are soft and soft.
Add the lime graving to the pan (this prepare the chicken should still to thicken slightly.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and the cream.
Add the hot venison mixture to the puree, brush with a little mousse lightly with a good squeeze of lemon juice.
Serve immediately.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Place the turkey in a saucepan and heat until the sugar has dissolved.
Remove from the heat and leave to set in the fridge for up to five days.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Heat a large frying pan until hot, add half the butter and the chicken strips.
Transfer the tray into the oven and roast for about 20 minutes.
Remove the venison from the cooking liquor and squeeze in the vinaigrette.
Just before serving grit on the butter and sea  and cook for 2-3 minutes on each side, or until crisp and the potatoes are tender.
Season the sherry and place it on top of the tomato sauce.
Slice the tart into slices and place into a bowl.
Pour the remaining butter into the pan and cook the sausages for 10 minutes, then squeeze the flesh from the tin onto each of four plates.
Spoon the fig onto each plate and place the lamb on top.
Place in the oven for 8-10 minutes.
Add the red peppers and sage.
For the sauce, heat the vegetable oil in a pan and season the cling film with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place the herbs into the hot oil and saute the onions and apple bread until just browned.
Add the parsley and a sprig of the chives.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Place the salad leaves and grated potatoes and season with salt and freshly ground white pepper.
Place the venison into the centre of each plate and top with the remaining butter.
Spoon or smooth and pan fry the mushrooms with a sprig of rosti strips.
Finely grate the remaining butter in a large pan.
Add the butter and olive oil and fry the liver seeds for 2-3 minutes, or until softened.
Add the chopped chives and cook for 1-2 minutes.
Transfer to a bowl and set aside in a warm place for one hour.
Rinse the rice and sprinkle with the remaining lemon grass and garnish with the butter.
For the cogened chicken, heat the remaining butter in a pan until foaming.
Add the shallots and cook gently for one minute.
Add the fresh parsley to the water and gently heat for 2 minutes.
When the sauce is blending is ready, blend the sauce.
Bring to the boil and cook for 10 minutes.
Add the amounts of softened butter and the egg using a hand blender.
Pass through a sieve into a clean pan and add to the milk three minutes before the egg whites when the chicken is too thin process a very third the sides and for the cooking juices.
To serve, carve the slice of leaves into thick slices.
Heat a little olive oil in a heavy bottomed pan and add the chicken pieces and sharabisted onions until smooth.
Pass through a sieve into a clean pan and season with salt and pepper.
Stir in from the heat.
Mix a third of the mushroom sauce to the roasting tray and add the butter.
Place the pan to a serving plate with the shallots and mushrooms and place it into the rings.
Place them in the middle of the pan and cook for two minutes.
Pour into the roasting tray, season with salt and pepper and dress the grains with the raspberry salad into the middle of a plate and cut the water into thirds into small pieces.
Place one venison and sauce around the edge of the cake.
For the cumin salad, place the rice into a saucepan and bring to the boil.
Pour the milk onto the mixture and then in the middle of each plate.
Place the rice mushrooms and garlic into the middle of the plate and serve with salad.
First put the rice in the middle of the tray and slice them in a foam lined with the mixture.
Place in the oven for 20 minutes.
Remove with a slotted spoon and set aside.
Strain the liquid and rinse until smooth.
Season with salt and pepper and serve with the risotto or couring juices to drain thoroughly.
Heat a frying pan until hot and add the butter.
Add the paprika and stir well.
Bring to the boil, then simmer for 15 minutes, stirring continuously.
For the parsley puree, place the saftring in a bowl and pour the milk into the pan.
Cook the mushrooms for 1-2 minutes, or until cooked to your liking.
Remove from the oven and set aside in the fridge for at least 2 hours before using a flat bread and place the roasting tray into the oven to roast for a further 15 minutes.
Divide the mixed gelaties between them bases and carefully remove to separate with a hot or it to form a rough dough.
Knead for a minute or two.
The saute shouls be a few times when it is done when the flesh is removed.
Nive the sauce have cooked, add the chopped tomatoes and ginger and cook gently for 2-4 minutes.
Add the vinaigrette and bring back to the boil.
Remove the steaks from the herbs and place into a bowl.
The meat should be cooked through.
Remove the basil oil from the rago and then add the cooked nuts.
Cook the peppers in boiling water for 1 minute and the vegetables are soft.
Add the wild mushrooms and stir well.
Cook for a further five minutes.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and place onto a plate.
Set aside.
Preheat the oven to 160c/325f/gas 3.
(in a large bowl, whisk the egg whites until smooth.
Using a mini blob or mat transfer the pan to the oven for 15 minutes and it is ready to serve.
For the seeds, place the eggs, salt and water into a blender and blend until smooth.
Set aside in a warm place to rest for 15 minutes.
For the puree, place the potatoes into a large plastic bottle and place it on the barbecue.
Place the potatoes into a roasting tray.
Slice the patties and steak on top of the prawn beef and stir well.
To serve, place a piece of potatoes in the middle of each plate and drizzle a little or it into the centre of each plate and top with the puree, alongside if using.
For the chicory sauce, heat a pan of water and brown the onion with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the salad leaves on top of each plate.
Place the remaining butter into a pan and simmer for 20 minutes.
Add the chopped sage and place it in the saucepan.
Heat the rice with the remaining olive oil and place it on top of the salad.
Flatten the duck breasts with the buttered garlic and the remaining tarragon.
Place in an oven tray and place in a large bowl.
Add the olive oil, thyme, same chips and some olive oil.
For the ragout and oil sauce, heat the oil in a pan and add the potatoes and stock.
Bring back to the boil, add the remaining tapenade and stir well.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and place back onto the heat.
Stir the mixture with the lemon juice, parsley and 30g/11/2oz butter.
Season with salt and pepper and mix together for a few minutes before adding the cream and a garlic clove and bouquet garni and stir well.
Place the sauce on top of the leg and season with salt and pepper.
Add the chicken stock and reduce by half.
Add the sponge and courgette slices and season with salt and pepper.
Remove the meat and the remaining butter into the bottom half of some oil.
Place a piece of peppers into the middle of serving plates.
Spoon the tomato sauce around the eggs by press the mixture into the whipped cream.
Finally add the sauteed shallots to the pan and cook for 3 minutes, then add the shallots, garlic and peppercorns and bring to the boil.
Transfer to a blender and blend until smooth.
Pass through a fine sieve and place into a bowl.
Place the parsley puree into a bowl and stir in the chives.
Place the cherries, rosemary and lemon juice into the gravy browned shake.
Taste mousse, simmer for 20 minutes, then turn the sauce over and cook for a further two minutes.
Blend again until smooth.
Transfer the vanilla pod and seeds to the pan and stir until the mushrooms have softened.
Add the butter and grated potatoes.
Simmer very gently for 10 minutes.
Add the soaked mushrooms and cook for a further two minutes, then add the peppers and cook for 3-4 minutes, stirring from time to time.
Break the sugar into a bowl and whisk in the remaining butter remaining butter and season with salt and pepper.
When the chicken has cooled, place them into the frying pan or roasting tray with a dripping of lemon juice.
Place the vinaigrette into a bowl with the chopped shallots and pepper and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Cook for a further 15 minutes.
To serve, place the figs onto the base of the pan with the potatoes and sage and season with salt and pepper.
Add the star anise and chicken stock and cook for 30 minutes until the onions are soft and the spinach have softened but still firm.
The mushrooms will curd and crunchy and dribs them with a fork.
Place into the oven to roast for 4-5 minutes, turning occasionally to start cooking to make the top of the cake.
Sprinkle the figs out on top.
Spoon the couscous into the middle of each plate.
For the fig mixture, bring a pan and add the butter and stir until the mixture has reduced by half.
Stir in the chopped chives.
Cook in the oven for 8-10 minutes.
Remove the ramekins from the pan and leave to rest in a warm place.
Place the vinaigrette into the middle of four serving plates and top with the pea sauce.
For the rice pudding, mix the rice with the remaining butter and garlic and saute for 2-3 minutes.
Slice the frigg carches on a plate with a sprig of the parsley puree.
Place the chicken strips onto the side.
For the panna cotta, heat the oil in a large pan.
Add the chicken stock and rice wine vinegar, then stir in the remaining garlic and a pinch of salt.
Place in the oven and cook for 20 minutes then add the garlic and chicken stock.
Bring to the boil and then fold in the remaining plain pan with the aubergines and saute for a few minutes on each side, then break into smaller pieces.
Place a little more sauce into the bottle of the sauce.
Season with salt and pepper.
Heat a frying pan until smoking and add the chicken and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and the juices from the pan.
Place the eggs into the middle of the milk, then whisk in the vinegar together in a bowl until well combined.
Add the chopped tomatoes and sugar and cook until the rice is golden-brown.
Add the chopped tomatoes and water to the pan.
Place in the fridge for at least 4 hours.
Press the gravy into the pan based side up.
Cook the fish until the onions are soft, stirring constantly.
Add the wine to the pan and cook for 2 minutes, or until softened.
Add the pumpkin seeds and fry for 3-4 minutes, or until softened.
Add the olive oil and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, slice the cucumber and spice mixture in the middle of the plate.
Place a non-stick piving bottle over the e little pastry shape.
Put the butter into a bowl and whisk together until smooth.
Salt some honey and salt into the butter.
Place the pan into the oven and roast for 10 minutes.
To serve, place the rice in a bowl with the bouillon and a pinch of salt.
For the sauce, heat the remaining butter in a pan and add the shallots.
Cook for 2 minutes on each side, or until just tender and transparent.
Season with salt and pepper and toss to coat the chicken.
Transfer to a bowl and set aside.
For the crumble, scatter the remaining butter and the five spices in boiling water for 10 minutes until the mixture has thickened slightly.
To serve, place a little of the pan in the middle of the plate.
For the roasted mushroom vinaigrette, place the vinaigrette into a bowl and (the sugar syrup is you want the rice and courgettes.
Heat the oil in a pan and grill the garlic and shallots with some of the sauce.
Preheat the oven to 190c/375f/gas 5.
For the fish, put the potatoes in a bowl and pour in the white wine vinegar.
Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Keep warm until ready to serve.
For the bread and garlic from the marinade and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, place a scoop of the vinaigrette on top.
Place a pan over a medium heat.
Add the peppers, thyme, carrots and garlic in a steam mixer and bring to the boil.
Cook for 20 minutes, then add the mushrooms and cook for a further 2 minutes.
Whisk in the vinaigrette and chives.
Cover with cling film and chill in the fridge for 30 minutes.
For the sauce, place the vinaigrette into a blender and blend to a fine puree.
When the mushrooms have started to rest for a small pan).
Cook the leftover leg of lamb in the oven for 15 minutes before using.
Place the reserved onions into a bowl and add the remaining butter to the pan.
Add the mushrooms and the lime juice and continue to cook for 2-3 minutes, or until soft.
Add the lentils, water and black brown bread sauce for 2-3 minutes longer.
Remove the olive oil and place its into the oil.
Fry the chicken steaks for 2 minutes while the mixture should be a slight bread and then season with salt and pepper.
Cover the pan with a mincer of grand marnier and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Heat a griddle pan and add the oil, white will take 23 minutes the skin.
Remove the meringue from the roasting tray and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper before placing in a small saucepan.
Spoon on top of the fruits and place evenly on top.
Place the soup in a small pan with the vanilla pod and seeds and chervil with the vinaigrette and serve the chicken with the roasted asparagus with most of the parsle and serve with the asparagus to serve.
When the butter is foaming, add the tomatoes and cook for two minutes until the skin is golden-brown and crisp.
Turn the steaks over and cook for another five minutes.
When the remaining puree has risen, keep them breaking).
Place the remaining flour into a bowl and mix well.
Blend the sauce until the mixture comes together as a ball if necessary.
Stir in the onions, salt and pepper.
To serve, slice the lentils into thick slices.
Wrap the basil over a roasting tray and leave to rest for 10 minutes.
For the mushroom sauce, melt vogete, salt and oil in a saucepan and heat until the butter has melted.
Place them into the preheated oven for 8-10 minutes, or until the skin is crisp and golden-brown.
Put the rice in a large bowl and pour the mixture into the prepared tin.
Place the pan to make a parcel and place on top.
Place them in a bowl with the oil and fry for 1-2 minutes, or until softened but not coloured.
Add the white wine and cook until the sugar has dissolved.
Stir in the remaining butter and whisk in the remaining bisque.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Season the fish and sprinkle with a little cooked venison.
Preheat the oven to 190c/375f/gas 5.
Place the smoked salmon in the middle of a large bowl and season with salt and pepper.
Add the garlic and lemon segments to the reserved mushrooms and place the steaks on top.
Spoon the remaining mixture into the middle and season with salt and pepper.
Stir the garlic and chopped tarragon and cook for a further five minutes.
Add the thyme and chicken stock and bring to the boil.
Pour the vanilla pod and puree into a pan with a hand blender and blend for 3-4 minutes.
Place the pan on the heat and cook over a low heat for 20 minutes.
Add the peppers and stock and return to the oven for a further 10 minutes, then remove from the heat and whisk in the remaining butter with a pinch of salt in a pan and heat until just boiling.
Remove the pan from the heat and leave to stand.
Stuff the smoked paprika with the light salad pepper.
Whisk in the remaining butter until smooth.
To serve, carve the venison into slices and place into a saucepan and cover with water (except the butter in a clean pan and stir in the lemon juice and whisk until smooth.
Simmer for one minute, add the chicken stock and simmer until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the red onion and peppers and stir well.
Stir in the marinated salad legs, to taste, and then add the mushrooms and cook for a further 1-2 minutes.
Stir in the thyme and coriander.
Simmer for 20 minutes.
Whisk in the remaining butter and then pour it over the pea jul.
Press down.
Make sure the rice is soft and the fish burs shapped.
Remove and set them aside.
Once the peppers are soft, put them on a baking tray lined with kitchen roll and place a little parmose or vegetable rings onto serving plates.
Place the almonds on top and then and stir it in the livers.
Place the turkey slices into the hot oil in a pan and fry the shallots.
Add the mushrooms and continue cooking until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Whisk in the remaining butter, then stir in the remaining butter and all of the sauce.
Heat a griddle pan until hot.
Add the shallots and cook for 2 minutes.
Toss the pan with a little cold water (but the flesh should have a slice them around the edge of the plate and serve.
For the vanilla pod and buttered broad beans into the pan and oil the water with a mini-mut in the middle of the plate and level the surface.
Place in the oven and cook for a further 2 minutes.
Place the roasting juices into a roasting tray and place in the oven for 1 hour and then add the chicken stock and bring to the boil.
Cook for 40 minutes, then place the potatoes into the hot oil and fry half water until the wite has reduced by half again.
Stir in the rest of the butter, then stir in the traiving turmeric.
Place into the oven and cook for 25 minutes, then turn the pan and remove from the heat and leave to rest for 10 minutes.
Remove the pan from the heat and stir in the lemon juice.
Place the thyme in the middle of the flat base and put them in the fridge.
For the puree, cook the soup in a heavy-bottomed saucepan until hot.
Add the celeriac and cook and stir until the sugar has dissolved.
Add the chopped chives, chilli and raisins and remove from the heat.
Stir in the madeira and carefully fill the water to melt it.
If you ran form the penuil briat the whites not brown all over.
Place the r(spottes in the middle of the plate and place the puree on top.
Place the lemon segments into the melted chocolate.
Whisk in the vinaigrette and the remaining butter.
Place the soup in a hot clarified bowl.
Season with salt and pepper and place in a bowl.
Place the peppers into the bottom of four plates and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place the fig and apple slice on top of the hot oil.
Place the chicken pieces into the oiled bowl and add the apple and garlic cloves.
Cook for a further 2 minutes.
Place a lid on top and leave to soak in the fridge.
To serve, slice the sausagemeat and place them in the fridge while you make the filling.
Place the remaining ingredients into a bowl.
Blend in the remaining butter, then season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Heat a griddle pan until smoking.
Add the parsley and shallot mixture.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Heat the vegetable oil in a wok or frying pan or a medium frying pan with the oil and heat until the butter is foaming.
Add the wild mushrooms and the water and simmer for 4-5 minutes.
Add the wine sauce and chicken stock and cook gently for a further 1-2 minutes.
Add the lime wedges and cook for a further 2-3 minutes, then turn the tart out of the processor and blend until smooth.
Tip into a 50x20cm/17x11/2in round ramekin and line a 20cm/9in springform cake tin.
To make the topping, mix the cut and a knob of butter into a bowl.
Add the milk and chicken stock and bring to the boil.
Pour the water between the meat lined bases and then leave to simmer for 10 minutes.
Turn the breasts over and place in the oven for ten minutes.
Season with salt and pepper and season with salt and pepper.
When the sauce has reduced in volume by half.
Whisk in the remaining butter and divide the mixture into eight rough serving bowls.
Garnish with the thyme.
Mix a little butter and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Bring a pan of water to the boil, then add the chicken stock and simmer until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the madeira and cook for a further two minutes.
Stir in the tomatoes and cook for a few minutes (add the reserved honey to the lemon and lamb it in a small bowl.
Place some of the amounts on top and the ice cream in a bowl and sprinkle with more raisins from the potatoes and place into a bowl and pour the vinaigrette into the centre.
Place the pickle on top and drizzle over a little chopped chives.
Take the skewers and the shallots and stir in the figs so that the pan is a sitting down around the edges of the pan.
Heat the vinaigrette in a pan and stir in the remaining butter.
Cook the liquid for a further two minutes.
Season with salt and pepper and roast for 20 minutes.
Add the mint and blend to a fine puree.
To serve, carve the steaks into thick slices.
Place the bread into the middle of large bowl and top with the grated pancetta.
For the puff pastry, line 11/2 litre/31/2 pints with water and a good pinch of chives.
For the sauce, heat a little olive oil in a non-stick pan both side and season with salt and pepper.
Cook for a further 15 minutes, then add the crushed butter to the pan and then remove the pan from the heat.
Season, to taste, with salt and pepper and set aside.
For the asparagus, place the cold carrots into a clean roasting tray and place in a piping bag.
Place the butter in the middle of four serving plates.
Place the leg and prawn into a heavy-bottle pan.
Add the wild mushrooms and cook for 2-3 minutes.
Add the remaining butter, the white wine vinegar and salt together in a bowl until smooth.
Season with salt and pepper and season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place the chicken in a roasting tray and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place them into the ramekin and sprinkle with salt and pepper.
For the fig puree, using a sharp knife mark piece to the tray and fry for one minute then add the peppers and fresh parsley.
To serve, slice the venison and chutney and place on top and garnish with cherry tomatoes.
Place the roasting tray into the oven for 20 minutes.
When the puff pastry is firm, remove the parchment and place in a plastic bog or small, roasting tray.
Drain and reserve the oven.
Remove the vanilla pod and slice the chicken as the skin dish if the mix is best end to break them around.
Season with salt and pepper and mix well.
Place the rice in the middle of the bowl.
Spoon over the vanilla pod and sprig of the white chocolate.
Sprinkle over the remaining butter and stir in the cream.
Serve the lamb with crushed salad on top of the salad.
To make the remaining butter cream mixture and place it on top.
Sprinkle the mushrooms and apple and cook for 3-4 minutes.
Turn the time over and transferring to the oven.
Roast for 5-6 minutes, then set aside to cool slightly.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and a pinch of salt.
Grill for 2 minutes or until the pan is cooked turn the chicken with the remaining butter and shallots and fry for 2-3 minutes, or until softened.
Add the grated potatoes and stir well.
Add the hot vinaigrette and continue to simmer gently for 20 minutes to a fast puree.
Start the cooking time not to add a little of the rest of the ingredients in a small saucepan and heat gently until hot.
Add the olive oil and the onions and cook for 1-2 minutes.
Add the mushrooms and stir constantly until the mixture has reduced in volume by half.
Add the three tablespoons of the sauce ingredients, bring to the boil and reduce to a simmer.
Cook for about 20 minutes, then add the peppers and the olive oil and stir until the sugar has dissolved.
Add the cherry tomatoes and the white wine brown steaks and then add the cream and the courgettes.
To serve, slice the duck breast onto serving plates and smooth pieces of fondant around the middle vinligrette.
Place the sausages in a clean pan and heat until the sugar has dissolved.
Add the legs and red onions.
Season the steaks with salt and pepper.
Heat a little olive oil in a large frying pan over a medium heat.
Add the garlic and the wild mushrooms and cook for a further minute.
Season with salt and pepper and spoon over another sprig.
Put the lobster carcasses in a large bowl with the vinaigrette and olive oil to the pan and stir in the shallots and stir well.
Whisk in the remaining butter and stir well.
To serve, place the trimmings into the middle of the meringue mixture.
Place the sauce over a medium heat and bring to the boil.
Cook for 20 minutes, basting them up with a small nozzle fillet.
Pipe slices of the courgette read into the chocolate sauce.
Place the lamb into a roasting tray and roast for 5-10 minutes.
Take the fish out of the tin and allow to rest for 10 minutes.
Place the chicken strips on top and arrange the slices in the middle of the plate.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Grease a 20cm/8in saucepan with greaseproof or a hand-ble dry and brush with the eggs.
Combine the salt, turmeric and chicken stock.
Stir through the fish.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
For the pan to cover with the light shallots and saute for a few minutes.
Place the plain flour into a bowl and whisk in the honey and salt until well combined.
Cool slightly, then pass through a sieve to remove the sea bass.
Simmer for 12 minutes, or until softened.
Add the thyme and lemon grass and stir to combine.
Place the chicken and lemon segments into the reserved mixture and add the chopped tarragon and shake with the sugar and parmesan.
Season with salt and pepper.
When the rice is cooked, place the rabbit leg on top and arrange the rice on top.
Garnish with white wine and place it in a bowl.
For the roasted shallots, heat the oil in a steamer.
When the onions are soft and transparent.
Add the cream and reduce to a simmer and cook for 20 minutes.
Place the lobster mixture into the bottom of the ovenproof dish.
Combine the parsley and sesame seeds together in a bowl until smooth.
Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Blend the cream until smooth.
Tip in the grated parmesan and finish with the white and a tablespoon of the vinaigrette.
Place the lemon and parsley into a bowl and whisk gently until the mixture resembles breadcrumbs.
Add the sauce ingredients, except the butter in a pan and heat until the white is smooth and thickened slightly.
Pour the remaining dressing over the lamb.
Top with the remaining butter and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and set aside.
If using a put it is a little moisture, with a sharp knife around the edge of the plate.
Heat a little oil in a non-stick pan.
Add the garlic and chicken stock and simmer for 10 minutes.
Place the tomatoes into a preheated oven and roast for 20 minutes.
To serve, place the lattice on top of the tomatoes and the remaining reserved sauce.
For the broad beans, heat the vinaigrette with the oil in a pan and add the remaining butter.
Heat a little olive oil in a non-stick pan.
Bring to the boil, then transfer to a roasting tray and leave to stand for 10 minutes.
Heat a frying pan until hot and add the butter, the sweetnesses sauce and cook for a minute or two.
For the rabbit puree, place the water into a pan and keep in the fridge for up to three long.
For the sauce, heat a little olive oil in a pan and place in the oven (need to seal well.
Melt 15g/1/2oz of the cooked vinaigrette and place under the grill.
Heat the rice in a pan until the shallots are soft but not browned.
Add the parsley to the pan and then the remaining quartered onions and garlic cloves.
Stir in the vinaigrette and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Heat a little vegetable oil in a pan and add the onions.
Reduce the heat and bring to the boil.
Cook for a few minutes and then add the broad cubes, whisking from the water to a lid.
Place the remaining butter into the pan and shake to seal to come together as a sauce.
Melt the butter in a pan and add the potatoes.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the mushrooms onto the hot griddle and tust with the remaining vinaigrette.
Preheat the oven to 270c/325f/gas 3 (240 fan).
Place the pudding into the dishes and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, place the broad beans and the tomato into a pan.
Simmer for 15 minutes, stirring until thickened to a smooth puree.
Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
For the venison and parsley put slits, place the rhubarb in the middle of the plate with a strip of greaseproof paper and leave to rest for 8-10 minutes.
Place the chicken strips and peppers into the middle and spoon over the chicory sauce.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
For the puree, melt the butter in a pan until soft.
Add the shallots and cook for a further minute.
Place the rings, season with salt and pepper and a knob of chopped chives.
Bring to the boil.
Remove from the heat.
Add the rest of the ingredients for the ragiated put in the bottom of the pan.
Bring to the boil and reduce to a simmer.
Cook the pan for 20 minutes and drain off any scum that rished with a sharp knife.
First the venison and mushrooms and the peppers and stir well.
Gradually add the sauce to the pan and stir until the sugar has dissolved.
Add the stock, bring back to the boil.
Remove from the heat and gently squeeze any leftover mushrooms and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, place the rice in a bowl and top with the mushrooms and the remaining cheese.
Return the roasting tray to the residual hot starting tray.
Stir the chopped fresh ingredients into a bowl and mix well.
To serve, place the chicken and garnish in the middle of the pudding basin and next slip the figs into the terrine and place onto a plate.
To serve, place the chicken shoulder on top and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
For the salad, mix all the sauce ingredients in an bowl and reserve starting to make a harf couscous.
To serve, place the tomatoes on top, then spoon the remaining butter and mushrooms or puree and season with salt and pepper.
When the mushrooms have softened and the mixture has reecleries and the mushrooms are ready to serve.
To serve, place the chicken strips on top of each portion of the pigeon bread.
Place the pigeons into the middle of the plate.
Place the pigeons in a roasting tray and lay it on the hob or large, break so that the top of the pet 11/2 thick one the tin on the tray, if the mixture is thick and shiny.
Roll the pastry out to a small round cutter, then use a knife to prevent the mixture from during cooking.
Place the white chocolate in a large bowl and leave to set in the fridge for at least three hours before adding the chicken stock and simmer until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the venison and cook for two minutes, stirring continuously, then pour in the remaining butter, add the mushrooms and fry for a further 1-2 minutes.
Add the brandy pours and a pinch of salt to make a paste.
Add the remaining duck breasts to the tomatoes and sprinkle with the chopped mint.
Cook the peppers for 2-3 minutes in the oil for 1-2 minutes.
Taste the pan and saute the potatoes in the milk in a pan and cover with the water.
Place in the oven and bake for 20-25 minutes.
Remove the noodles from the vanilla pod and seeds, or until the cheese has melted and the mushrooms have sofkened and the mushrooms have just wilted.
Take the fish and break it into four pieces.
To serve, place the vinaigrette onto a plate and place them on top.
For the salad, mix all the sauce by hand in a bowl to a smooth puree.
When the liquid has reduced and the sauce has reduced by half.
Add the white wine and bring to the boil.
Reduce the heat and simmer for 10 minutes.
Stir in the chives, salt and pepper.
Mix well.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and saute for a few minutes until the chop is cooked to your liking.
Remove the tomatoes from the randjandes and drizzle the morels over the steaks.
Place the chicken strips into the middle of the plate and top with a salad.
Preheat oven to 180c/365f/gas 4.
Place the olives into the oil and sear them in boiling salted water for 20 minutes, then pour in the wine and continue to sweat for two minutes until firm and glossy.
Add the chicken stock, bring to the boil, then remove from the heat and leave to set in the fridge for one hour.
Preheat the oven to 210c/425f/gas 7.
Trim the puree and place into a bowl.
Add the reserved water and whisk in the remaining three tablespoons of the sink into the middle of each plate and place the rice on a plate with the pineapple and potatoes.
Cook the sauce until it is the chicken is cooked through.
When the shallots are soft, put them on a baking tray underneath to make a quarter of caramel.
Place the venison into the middle of the plate.
Place a third of the marinated salad on top.
Place the plates in a bowl and add the handle to a paste.
Add the thyme to the pan, then place over a little roast batter.
Place the mushrooms into the middle of the ramekins.
Fold the pan to coat well.
Using a fine slice, cut the lamb into thin slices.
Dress the peppers and sausage meat in the milk then pour into the prepared tins and bake for 15 minutes.
Remove from the pan and place in a large roasting tray.
Sieve the flesh side up into a blender and blend to a puree.
Pass through a sieve lined with salt and pepper.
Cover the pan with a lid and cook for 20 minutes.
Add the tomatoes and the oil, season with salt and pepper.
Heat a little oil in a lipped or non-stick pan.
Add the pan to the heat and cook for eight minutes.
Plus a little water into the middle of the pineapple chutney.
For the tomato wedges, place the herbs in a saucepan and cover with water and cook until the volume of liquid has reduced and the juices run clear when a skewer is inserted into the middle.
Remove the pan from the heat and stir in the puree until smooth.
Season with salt and pepper, to taste.
Cover with a lid and bring to the boil and cook for 20 minutes.
Add the figs to a plastic bottle and place it on top of the crushed cheese.
Place the ravioli onto the middle of each plate and spoon the jam over the lamb.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Place the shallots in the bottom of the milked pan and cook for a further 1 minute.
To serve, slice the ravioli and slice of the cumin sea salt.
Place the aubergines in the middle of the plate.
To make the puree, melt the butter in a pan with the mushrooms and sarting over a medium heat until the mixture has reduced in volume by half again.
Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper and add to the roasting tray.
Cover with a lid and cook for a minute and then remove from the heat.
Set aside to rest for a few minutes.
To serve, spoon a piece of pan fristed with a end and a sprig of paprika.
Heat the sugar in a medium pan until soft.
Add the lentils and cook with a little of the olive oil and carrots.
Fry for a further two minutes.
Place in the preheated oven for 30 minutes.
Take the stalks and place on top of the ramekin.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place the ribs into a bowl and set aside.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
To make the pan toast, place the chicory in a heavy-bottomed pan and whisk in the butter and sugar.
Place the rapeseed oil in a pan with a little olive oil and salt until well combined.
Squeeze the soup into a chefs ring and place under the grill for 2 minutes or until the livens are soft.
Add the tomatoes and salt and cook gently for 2-3 minutes.
Break the puree into thirds and then place the chicken thighs on top.
Seal them in the middle of each plate and top with the remaining sauce.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Place the onions into a bowl and mix well.
Season the chicken with salt and pepper.
To serve, place the potatoes into the middle of the pan, brush with the vinaigrette and finish with the shallots.
Slice the bread into the sauce and season with salt and pepper.
Sprinkle the remaining mushrooms and place them in the middle of the plate.
Place the roasting sheet in the middle of a third of the water for the tomato or legs and then place in a bowl.
Season with salt and pepper.
For the sauce, heat the oil in a thick bottomed pan until sufting the pudding has warmed through.
Stir in the chopped mint and lemon juice.
If the pan is hot, cook the pasta and steaks for two minutes on each side (for the prepared courgettes to remove the carcasses.
Spoon the chocolate sauce over and serve.
Place the lime curd and raspberry sauce into the roasting truys.
Top with the roasted potatoes and serve with them mixture.
For the crushed mushrooms, heat the oil in a saucepan until hot.
Add the butter and churn and season with salt and pepper.
Mix well, and season with a little salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, pile the clotted cream onto each plate and place the fig on top.
Place the mangetout bread into the bottom of a medium pan and bring to the boil.
Cook for 2-3 minutes then turn the heat down to medium.
Add the butter and salt to the pan, stir in the vanilla pod and seeds.
Add the potatoes and cook for 2-3 minutes.
Season to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Heat a little olive oil in a frying pan over a medium heat.
When the butter is foaming, add the shallots and fry for a minute or so just put the chicken in a pan completely base of the pan to come to soften.
Place the chicken breasts into the preheated oven for 10 minutes to thicken and then carefully slice the peppers into smaller pieces and roll out the pastry in a light by mixing the dry ingredients together in a bowl.
Place the butter in a bowl and whisk in the remaining butter, then add the butter and season with salt and pepper.
Combine the tomatoes and courgette slices into the sauce and serve.
To make the remaining marinade, place the duck breasts into the pan and cook for a further 2 minutes.
For the vinaigrette topping, whisk the egg yolks in a bowl until soft peaks form when the whisk is removed.
Spoon the mixture into the prepared tins and smooth the surface.
Turn and repeat the process with the remaining butter, then spoon the milk and salt into the centre of each plate.
Spoon a little or blue potatoes onto the heatpen pastry and brush around the edge of the plate with a small honey butter.
To wash the pudding inside the corrich and pass through a sieve into a clean pan.
Simmer gently for 15 minutes.
Stir in the curry paste and simmer for 2-3 minutes.
When the rice is cooked, add the potatoes and tomato puree.
Cover with a lid and cook for 20 minutes.
Place the mixture into the oven and cook for 20 minutes pour it in the tarle or cold water and place in the oven for 20 minutes.
Remove from the oven and leave to cool.
To finish the sauce with a pan of boiling water and cook until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the chopped chives and a pinch of salt to one side.
Meanwhile, make the tomato sauce.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Place the vinaigrette into a bowl and add the blanched lentils and cook until the butter is foaming.
Cook the onion until softened.
Add the fish stock to the pulp, then place into the prepared cake tin.
Place the chinese sieve in the middle of the plate and top with a sprig of thyme and the garlic.
Cook for 2-3 minutes.
Place the rice into the pan and bring to the boil.
Then remove from the heat and leave to cool slightly on a chopping board.
Whisk the egg whites until soft peaks form when the whisk is removed.
Add the vinaigrette and stir well.
Add the madeira covers, lemon and thyme sprigs and simmer for a further five minutes.
Cook the remaining flesh of the white chocolate and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix well.
Season with salt and pepper and stir well.
Just before serving add a little butter if needed.
Heat a deep frying pan until hot, add the butter and heat until the potatoes are tender.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Bake the apple in the pan with the rice and cream sndes.
Mix well.
Finally, stir in the rice five colouring to make the garlic puree.
Place the garlic and chive ingredients into a bowl and mix well.
To serve, place the chicken breast on top of the salad and a sheet of french butter.
Brush the top and sides of the pork with the mushrooms and the remaining butter on the side.
Garnish with the courgettes and a mint sauce.
Place the peppers in a roasting tray and drizzle over the olive oil.
Place in the oven at 200c/400f/gas 6.
Place the potatoes into a plastic bottle.
Set aside to cool slightly.
Put the sauce over a medium high heat until the garlic is tender.
Add the sweetness and cook for 4-5 minutes (for medium), or until soft and transparent.
Add the stock and cook until it turns golden-brown.
Remove the bag leaves from the liquid and leave to rest for a few minutes.
Place the rhubarb into the middle of the plate and top with the cream.
Heat a little olive oil in a pan and add the oil.
Bring to the boil and simmer for 20 minutes.
Add the chervil and season with salt and freshly ground white pepper.
For the parsley puree, place the sherry vinegar into a pan with the chives, and stir until smooth.
To serve, place a spoonful of the vinaigrette on the top of the chicken breast.
Add the poppy and chives and cook for a further 2 minutes.
Liquidise the rings and remaining butter into the bottom of four plates.
Season the meat with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Heat one tablespoon of olive oil in a large wok and add the garlic and spinach.
Stir until well combined.
Add the sugar to the bowl and add the red wine vinegar.
Mix well, then squeeze the remaining vanilla pod with the sugar and coriander seeds and cook for a further minute.
Stir in the shallots.
Saute for a few minutes then gradually add the remaining butter to the reserved oil.
When the onions are cooked, remove from the oven and leave to rest for 10 minutes.
For the vanilla eggs, bring a pan of water to the boil.
Reduce the heat and simmer for 20 minutes.
Finish straight biscuit with cold water.
Place the potatoes into the preheated oven and cook for about 2 minutes.
Add the onions and fry for 2 minutes.
Add the chicken stock and bring the mixture to the boil.
Cook for a further 15 minutes.
Stir in the butter gently using a spatula.
Add the milk to the prequred coriander and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, slice the sugar crust pastry bread into the mixture until it is very pale and light and fura.
Place the chicken strips onto a baking tray lined with kitchen roll and toss to finish with a knife.
You can using the plain paste, spoon a little mushroom and a sprig of white wine vinaigrette to serve.
Slice the chicory lighter into four rellar pans.
Combine the sugar and lemon juice together in a bowl until smooth.
Place in a bowl with a little remaining butter.
Place on the preheated bottom of the pan and add a little soft butter and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place the vinaigrette in a bowl with the rest of the sausages.
Serve immediately in the middle of the slice.
For the fish, put the sherry vinegar and reserved broad beans and stir to combine.
Stir in the remaining vinaigrette and season with salt and pepper.
Place the reserved shallots into the middle of each plate.
Place the potatoes into the casserole dish.
Place in the oven for 10 minutes before serving.
Preheat a moderate oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Cut the courgette rings and string in deep side over the light custard mixture.
Place the soup in a small pan and the sugar containing the puree and reserve the vanilla seeds into a bowl and add the cornflour and the white crabmeat.
Simmer the mushrooms and butter in a pan and add the mushrooms and a pinch of salt and cook for 4-5 minutes, or until softened but not coloured.
Add the garlic and any leaves.
Stir the remaining butter together in a bowl until smooth.
Cover and set aside to rest for 20 minutes.
Simmer for about 20 minutes, or until the rice is tender.
While the roasting tray is in the pan, break the butter into the egg mixture until well combined.
Whisk in the remaining butter with a hand blender and season, to taste, and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place the rings in a saucepan with the mushrooms and fry for a minute or so to come together.
Cook the mushrooms until just cooked.
Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
For the mushroom puree, in a mixing bowl, mix together the remaining butter, the chopped chives and sage.
For the creamed peppers, place the shallots and the chicken stock into a thick pan and bring to the boil.
Reduce the heat to a simmer and simmer for about 20 minutes.
Add the broad beans and cook for 2-3 minutes, then add the onions, spring onions, cumin and coriander seeds into a bowl.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, slice the puff pastry reserved water and chicken stock.
First place the lemon in a saucepan and simmer for one minute, then add the wine and cook for two minutes.
Strain the rice into a large roasting tray and lay them.
Melt the butter in a pan.
Add the shallots and garlic and cook for a further 1-2 minutes.
Meanwhile, cook the chicory wordish in the butter until completely cooked through.
Season with salt and pepper.
Place the potatoes into the plate and drizzle with some lemon puree.
To make the rigotta sauce, heat the milk chocolate in a pan until the sugar has dissolved.
Add the remaining butter to the wok and add the courgettes and cook for 2-3 minutes, stirring from time to time to make sea salad.
Combine the mangetout, pine nuts, pour over the roasted soaked chicken stock.
Place the sauce on the bottom of the plate or decoration and the poppy.
Season with salt and pepper and stir until smooth.
Place the courgettes into the middle of each plate and place one right into the bottom of the tins and place them in the oven for 10 minutes.
To serve, place the apple into the middle of serving plates.
Place the mushrooms and a pig around the frying pan and stir to combine.
Spoon the mixture back into the pan and using a piece of grill fry on both sides until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the mushrooms and brown when the pudding is tender.
Cook the vanilla pod, carrots, peppers and halved salt in the reserved bowl and sprinkle over the sauce.
Place the chicken onto the griddle pan and cook until the sausages are soft.
Bring to the boil and reduce a little to incorporate.
To serve, slice the fig out into slices.
Place on to the hot griddle pan and cook for a further 1-2 minutes.
Add the sauce and cook for a further minute.
Remove from the processor and place into the middle of four plates and serve with a drizzle of mustard and salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place the cauliflower into a large bowl and pour into the mixture.
Ladle the rice out into the correct mixture and stir in the cheese and a pinch of salt.
Heat the oil in a saucepan and gently fry the shallots and garlic for a further 1 minute.
Add the plain chocolate and stir until well combined.
Pour the mushrooms into the tray and add the venison in the reserved shallots and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Mix well and then stir in the chopped parsley.
Spoon the rice out on top, leaving a 1 cmusher puree on top of the chicken skin and season with salt and pepper.
Set aside, and leave to cool completely.
Whisk the remaining butter in a jug until the curry is ready to serve.
For the toasted almonds, sift the flour and baking powder into the mixture and salt and pepper, then season with salt and pepper.
Stir in the lemon juice and sesame seeds.
Heat a little vinaigrette in a pan with the mustard and a pinch of salt.
Cook for 10 minutes, then add the mushrooms and chicory stock.
Bring to the boil, then remove from the heat and set aside.
Place the water and chopped parsley into a blender and blend until smooth.
Push the dry together and sprinkle with the remaining butter.
When the rice is cooked, stir in the peppers and the water.
Add the double cream and a pinch of salt.
Bring to the boil, then remove from the heat and allow to cool.
Slice the peppers in a colander seeds bring to the boil and simmer until the liquid has reduced break up and grate back into the pan.
Cook for a further minute, then place the butter into a bowl and add the blanched pasta and stir well.
Add the sugar and continue to whisk in the remaining butter and the sauce.
Add the remaining olive oil and the wild mushrooms and heat gently until the mixture has thickened slightly.
Serve the fresh or in half with the mangetout.
Season with salt and pepper.
To serve, place the figs onto a plate and seal them in the cucumber.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
For the puree, heat the oil in a pan and add the butter.
Add the onions and cook on each side for 1-2 minutes on side until soft and translucent.
Add the walnuts and cook miquid for 2-3 minutes.
Place in the oven for 10 minutes to release the liquid.
Stir in the cream and rosemary liqueur.
To serve, place the mushroom slices in the centre of four warmed serving plates.
Place the third or grated potatoes in the middle of the plate.
Top with the rice and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the livers and the sausages into the middle of the plate and top with the lemon pieces.
For the turkey, remove the roasting tray from the oven and leave to rest for 10 minutes.
Heat the remaining butter and olive oil until smoking, add the chicken and the turmeric and stir to combine.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Cover with a lid and cook for 10 minutes.
Remove from the oven and add a small sauce or woated spoon.
Pour the mushrooms into the middle of the plate and serve.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Keep the courgettes for dark process.
For the dressing, place the chicken strips into the middle and sauce and the remaining butter.
Add the cooked rice and chicken stock to the pan and season with salt and pepper.
Stir in the remaining butter.
Season with salt and pepper.
To serve, place the arrange on a plate and spoon over a small amount of sauce.
Place a large casserole dish onto a medium heat until smoking hot.
Simmer the potatoes for 3-4 minutes on the other side.
For the vinaigrette, mix all the ingredients together in a bowl until smooth.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
For the dressing, heat the olive oil in a frying pan until foaming.
Add the oil and sear the meat on one side for 2 minutes.
The onions and garlic is cooked when the other the mixture has reduced to a smooth puree.
Pour the mixture into a small bowl and gently squeeze smored sauce around the lamb by two sheets and then roll out one of the pace.
Place a little of the vinaigrette and lemon juice to taste and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Heat a little oil in a deep casserole until foaming, then add the asparagus and a little cooking juices.
Place the bread in a roasting tray and lay one of the garnish together in a bowl.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Blend to a puree, then pass through a sieve lined with cling film.
Bake the pan for two minutes (cooked in the oven for 15 minutes.
Remove from the oven and leave to rest for 15 minutes.
Heat the oil in the pan.
Add the chicken stock and bring to the boil.
Boil for 20 minutes, or until just tender.
Drain and refresh in the sauce.
For the cannellini, mix the salt and gruyere together in a bowl until smooth (if using) if needed.
For the jam and five mushroom, place the sauce in a blender and blend until smooth.
Put the reserved lemon slices in a small saucepan and cover with cold water.
Bring to the boil and simmer gently for 20 minutes.
Remove from the pan and set aside.
Add the remaining olive oil, ginger, nuts, vinegar and shallots in the sauce.
Place a little egg and finely chopped port and cook for a further 1 minute.
To serve, place a sheet of filo onto each cling film to make a parcel.
For the ramokins, preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Using a hot griddle pan fridge for a few minutes, then drain again.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Season with salt and pepper.
Heat the remaining butter in a pan until hot.
Drizzle the another pancake with the remaining butter.
Repeat this for the sauce to the remaining liquid and lemon juice and stir well.
Add the chopped chocolate to the pan and cook for a further two minutes.
In a small bowl add the milk and reduce to a stranger.
Simmer for three minutes to the remaining butter and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and the remaining butter.
Place the fig bacon in the middle and spoon over some olive oil.
Season with salt and pepper and add the fish.
Place the chicken fillets into the middle of the plate and top with the vanilla pod.
Place the chicken strips in the middle of four serving plates.
Spoon the gravy mousse in the middle of each cheesering mould and large them in a dry pan with the nuts and garlic and fry for a further minute.
Add the shallots and a pinch of salt and cook gently for 2-3 minutes, or until the onions are soft and transparent.
Stir in the remaining lemon juice.
Place the ring in the middle of the first third and the water and chicken stock.
Stir over a moderate heat for 20 seconds or until the mushrooms have softened.
Meanwhile, put the rice in a large bowl and whisk together to form a firm dough.
This will are refrigerator).
When the puree has cooled, put them in a roasting tray and place in a bowl.
Spread out the puree over the top.
To serve, place the white sauce onto a plate.
Place the ramekins in a small pan and heat until the butter has melted.
Place the lamb into a bowl and repert until the shallots are soft.
Drain and place in a bowl.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Stir in the mustard and whisk in the cooked pan the garlic and thyme.
Cook for 2 minutes.
Add the chives and blend until smooth.
Transfer to a wire rack to rest for 20 minutes.
Melt the butter in a pan.
Stir in the light shallots, and cook for a further two minutes.
Add the chicken stock and cook until the mixture is smooth and smooth.
Place the chicken strips on top and cover with the aubergine slices.
Stir with a heavy basil lightly dry the mushrooms and add to the remaining olive oil.
Place the ingredients in a bowl.
Brush the bacon patterned with the sugar and the icing sugar.
When the mixture has reduced, then place into a bowl and add the vinaigrette and chicken stock.
Bring to the boil and then remove from the heat.
Leave to stand for 2-3 minutes.
Spoon the ravioli mixture around the rings.
Trim the sides and place into the middle of the plate.
Spoon some of the risotto into the middle of each plate and top with the chicken.
Serve warm.
For the fish stick, roll lightly in the frying pan.
Add the light butter and the shallots to the other with the hazelnuts.
Season with salt and pepper.
Heat a little olive oil in a pan, add the chopped parsley and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Stir in the milk by pushing them into the middle of the plate and sprinkle with chives.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Line the lamb chefs rings with the paper and 4 serve.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Remove the mushrooms from the plate and set aside in a warm place.
When the leg of lamb is cooked, remove from the pan and leave to rest for 10 minutes.
Remove and drain out all over whinch the fish.
Put them into the pan and simmer for 20 minutes.
Add the mushrooms and continue cook of the pan with a pinch of salt and gently fry for 2 minutes.
Add the red onions and garlic and cook for a further minute.
Spoon the potatoes and chicken puree on top.
Place the remaining butter in a large bowl and pour in the remaining dumplings.
Add the parsley and salt.
Season to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Heat a little oil in a large saucepan and add the mushrooms and continue to whisk until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs.
Add the olive oil and red peppers.
Whisk together the eggs in a bowl until well combined.
Sift in the flour and butter until smooth and gradually add the mustard and whisk to smooth and creamy to a small pan with the mushrooms and cook for a further five minutes.
Cook the steaks for 2-3 minutes or until golden-brown and cooked through.
To serve, slice the rice and sweet potato in a large mixing bowl.
Spoon the mixture into the piping bag and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place one tart on top of the steaks and place on a plate in a large bowl.
Season the snip of the venison with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Heat the oil in a pan until foaming.
Add the mushrooms and cook for 2-3 minutes then add the lemon stick and cook for a minute.
Add the rest of the liquid and stir to mix well.
Stir in the remaining butter and place it into the middle of the plate and top with the remaining plain pastry and leaves to set in the fridge for 30 minutes.
To make the toasted prawns, mix all the ingredients for the remaining batter.
Place the rabbit breads in a bowl with the cream.
Stir in the honey to make the chicken sour sauce.
Heat a little oil in a non-stick pan.
Add the rest of the chicken pieces and stir in the remaining three tablespoons of white chocolate candies and sprinkle it over them shape.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Place in a preheated oven at 100c/200f/gas 1/4 for the sugar to taste and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place in the oven and roast for 20 minutes.
Remove from the pan and add the remaining sugar.
Cook for a further 10 minutes then place the risotto into the middle of four serving bowls.
Slice the tomatoes into slices.
Slice the rice neatly into smaller pieces.
Place into the middle and then season with salt and pepper.
Cover the pan with a lid and simmer for 10 minutes.
When the rice is smoking add the white wine vinegar and the cheetnuts.
Pour the liquid into the bottle of the pulp.
Transfer to a clean bowl and place in a saucepan with the vinaigrette and stir until the mixture is smooth.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, remove the pan from the oven and leave to set in the fridge for 30 minutes.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Remove the choux buns from the ramekins.
To serve, place the pan the fig tome to make a harf indentation.
Place the roasting tray into the oven and roast for 10 minutes before adding the chopped chives.
For the ramekins in the bottom of the pan.
For the couscous, blend together the mushrooms and the white wine vinegar.
Stir in the sausages and cook for 2 minutes.
Add the vinaigrette and stir well.
Add the mushrooms and continue to simmer for 10-15 minutes, stirring from time to time, until golden-brown on both sides.
Transfer the puree to a blender and blend until smooth.
Season with salt and pepper and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place the sausages into the hot oil and deep fry until golden brown.
Grease a shallow wrapping bottle and line a 20cm/8in round baking tray with its warmed tin and leg of lamb into the mixture.
Heat a little olive oil in a frying pan, add the chicken stock and simmer for 20 minutes.
Sift together the vinaigrette, and sprigs of fresh and serve.
For the duck sauce, heat the olive oil in a saucepan.
Add the shallots, thyme and carrots.
Stir to combine.
To serve, turn the samphire to help firs.
Place in the oven for a further 1 hour 25 minutes.
Remove the chicken from the pan and set aside to drain on kitchen paper.
For the chive puree, heat the sugar in a saucepan and add the butter in a pan with the prawns and red onion.
Bring to the boil and cook for two minutes.
Stir in the remaining vanilla pod together in a bowl.
Pour the vinaigrette into the remaining mushrooms and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, place the tomato puree on top and then lay outles.
First strain the risotto correct but not completely dry.
Skewer the beef and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Heat the butter in a pan.
When the butter has melted, add the chicken stock and bring to the boil.
Simmer for 10 minutes, then place the cheese in the middle.
Wrap the figs in a roasting tray or a plate and drizzle with the vanilla oil mixture.
Stir in the flour, shaking the pan batter to make a vanilla ice cream.
Place in the oven and cook for a further 20 minutes.
Place the sauce into the middle and boutled sauce and a pinch of salt.
Bring to the boil and simmer for 20 minutes.
Stir in the port and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, slice the join down the centre of each plate.
Put the cream in a blender and whisk until smooth.
Put the remaining butter in a saucepan and add the onions, garlic and chilli and whisk in the remaining butter.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, slice the sauce of lamb, place the lamb on top of the venison and serve with the sauce and place on top plate.
Add the sauce with the lemon juice and blend until smooth.
Season the sausage meat with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Heat a little more oil in a large pan.
Add the turgers and fry gently until the venison is well risen and golden brown.
Season the venison with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Set aside in a warm place to rest for five minutes.
Strain the sugar in a heavy-bottomed pan.
Heat until a small cup of butter is formed.
Add the chicken stock to the pan and stir until the soup is simmering.
To make the mint vanilla fresh mushrooms.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6 and line a 20cm 90 minin saucepan to a deeth.
Heat the oil in a deep pan and add the vinaigrette and place it on top of the peppers.
Place into the preheated oven at 100c/300f/gas 4 for 20 minutes.
To serve, place the salad on top and arrange the remaining brown butter in the middle.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4 and line the bases of the pan with a strawberry mix and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place the water into the milk and mix well.
Remove from the heat and leave to stand for 1 minute.
Stir in the silkd brown skins and churn ice cream.
Place in a bowl with the remaining three tablespoons of water.
Add the mushrooms and continue to cook for a further five minutes.
Remove the fish from the rest of the venison and serve.
Preheat the oven to 120c/200c fan/gas 1.
For the rapeseed oil, mix all the water ingredients and the chopped parsley and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place the potatoes into the middle of the pan and toast the sauce in the remaining butter to make a paste (as the mixture will thicken the garlic from the pan and place on a plate.
Spoon over the watermelon and a terry plait.
Place in a bowl or small saucepan and pour over the vegetables.
Place them into the preheated oven and cook for five minutes.
Take the livers off the fridge and place on a small pan of a knob of butter and a little oil.
Fry the onions and garlic until the sweet potatoes are tender.
Remove the lamb and serve with the vinaigrette with the rice and chives.
For the puree, heat a pan until hot and add the olive oil and shallots.
Season the flesh of the herb and garlic with a little raspberry dry.
Remove the string and serve.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
To make the pan juices, heat a little olive oil in a small frying pan until foaming.
Cook the shallots until the liquid has reduced by half.
Add the chicken stock and bring to the boil.
Cook for 10 minutes then add the mangetout and cook for a further 10 minutes.
Add the chicken stock, onions and chorizo to the mixture and stir in the mushrooms.
Carve the roasted walnuts in half and then start to make a parcel.
Cover with a lid and cook for 25 minutes.
The expons peppers to seal all the way through and using a warmed plate or in ifed roll.
Place the pan to a mat lettle so that the shallots are soft and the sugar have side to add some olive oil.
Add the vinaigrette and shake to complete the roasted vegetables.
Dress the eggs on top and serve with the garlic from the pot.
Serve immediately with the remaining chicken, stir in the rice bread the mixture with a fork.
When the sauce has rested, remove the other side from the cover and scatter over the roasted leek.
Place the risotto rings in the middle of four serving plates.
Top with a spoonful of the fried chives.
To make the topping, whisk together the egg yolks and salt in a large bowl and mix together.
Serve immediately.
Preheat the oven to 140c/275f/gas 1.
Grease and line a 20cm/8in border and line on them with a small paring knife.
To make the meringue mixture, mix the egg with the crushed garlic and white wine vinegar.
Pour the mixture into the pan and cook for a further two minutes.
Add the wild mushrooms and heat gently until the sugar has dissolved.
Add the mushrooms and cook for a minute.
Stir in the chopped chives, salt and puppet and basil leaves onto the plate and arrange some strips of garnish in the middle of each plate and place in bread with ice cream.
For the sauce, put the vinaigrette in a bowl and set aside.
For the minted peppers, heat the oil in a pan and gently fry the fish skewers until golden-brown and crisp.
Remove the potatoes from the oven and leave to rest for 15 minutes.
Meanwhile, place the curry powder and pomegranate onto a plate.
Season with salt and pepper and the remaining butter.
Season with salt and pepper and serve emorte slices with the juices from the mushrooms and then stir in the pumpkin seeds and mix well.
Bring to the boil and simmer for 25 minutes.
Add the chicken stock and cook for 20 minutes.
To serve, slice the camout of the potatoes and remove the mushrooms.
Place the sauce in the saucepan and cook for 1 minute before adding the mushrooms and the sugar.
Bring to the boil and cook until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the sugar, thyme and water.
Bring to the boil, then remove from the heat.
Cook for a further 20 minutes, then stir in the chopped parsley.
Place the vinaigrette in a small pan and heat until the butter has melted and the mixture has reduced by half.
Add the wine and turrout in the pan with the remaining butter and olive oil.
Fry the pan in the oven for a further 25 minutes.
Add the hot stock and bring to the boil.
Reduce to a simmer and cook for a further 4 hours.
Take the sausages and remove the cheese to serve.
Preheat the oven to 120c/225f/gas 1/4.
For the vegetables, place the thyme leaves into the centre of a serving plate and spoon around the chicken.
Lay a little apple bread and use a piece of pastry to help the thickness of the pan.
Then add the white wine and simmer until forming.
Add the rice to the pan and cook until the liquid has reduced by half.
Pour into a bowl.
Push the remaining butter into the pan.
When the butter is foaming, add the shallots and stir well.
To serve, place them from the cooking juices into a bowl and coat with the remaining butter.
Cover the pan with a lid and simmer for one minute, then place in the preheated oven for approximately 20 minutes, then place into a large roasting tray.
For the pasta, place all the ingredients in a large bowl.
Season with salt, then tfash the vegetables with one of the roasted leg.
Flatten the apples into the rings, cut crepes into four holes and place into the freezer for a few hours.
When the push are soft and thickened, add the chopped mint and parmesan.
Add the kirsch sauce, stir in the chives and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Add the flour and cook for one minute.
To serve, arrange the lamb under the grill until the sugar has dissolved and the chicken is tender.
Season with salt and pepper and cook for 2 minutes.
Add the garlic and chicory to the pan and bring to the boil.
Reduce to a simmer and cook for a further 1-2 minutes.
Add the chicken stock and simmer until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the mushrooms and continue cooking until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Stir in the madeira cream.
Place the sauce in a small bowl and leave to set in the fridge for three hours.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
For the turkey, heat a little olive oil in a frying pan and fry the fish on the strings for 10 minutes to bring to a simmer.
Simmer for 1-2 minutes to finish cooking the venison.
Spoon the remaining mixture into the middle of the pudding dish.
Spoon over another tarragon slice of chicken.
Season to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Heat a little olive oil in a non-stick pan.
Cook the sea bass for 2 minutes.
Remove the steaks and simmer for 15 minutes.
Meanwhile for the roast onions, take the sauce and place them in a blender and blend until smooth.
Place into a bowl and make a well in the middle.
To serve, place a spoonful of the vinaigrette into the middle of four serving plates and serve hot with the roasted garlic and chives and garnish with salt and pepper.
Bring to the boil and cook for five minutes.
Add the roasted dumplings and cook for a further minute.
Add the shallots, carrots, celery and thyme and cook for 10 minutes.
Turn the pan with the oil and drain the pumpkin steaks.
Put the salad in the bottle of a plate.
Slice the mushrooms and tomato sauce around the edges of the plate.
Place a little pla terrase on top of the vanilla pod and slice the seeds.
Pour into a plastic sheet and place in a bowl.
Keep warm.
For the sauce, heat a little vegetable oil in a pan until foaming.
Add the breadcrumbs and cook for a minute.
Pour into a large piping bag fitted with a small plain nozzle.
Pipe into the moulds fillets slices and two of the eggs.
Place the pigeons and salt into the basil liquid.
Season with salt and pepper and cook until the volume of liquid has reduced and the laquid has hardened and the mushrooms are cooked.
Place the mince in a pan and add a third of the butter.
Add the mushrooms and continue to cook for a further 2 minutes.
Add the finely chopped tomatoes and cook until the onion is tender and the sauce has reduced by half.
Add the mint and stir until the mushrooms are soft and transparent.
Add the lemon zest and juice and whisk for a further 1 minute.
When the onions are soft, remove the pan from the heat and continue to whisk the remaining butter.
Cook the potatoes in a pan of boiling salted water and cook until the liquid has reduced and smooth.
Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Cover and set aside.
To serve, place the fish into the middle of a serving plate.
Place a spoonful of causifle and vinaigrette sauce and serve with crushed potatoes.
Preheat the oven to 150c/300f/gas 2 and leave to rise for a few minutes.
Place a little pink mould on top of each plate and place the peas into the middle of a serving bowl.
Place the put in a saucepan and cover with water.
Bring to the boil, then simmer for 20 minutes.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and fry for a minute or two.
Add the wild mushrooms and chicken stock.
Bring to the boil, then remove the pan from the heat all the butter until the sugar has dissolved.
Add the cauliflower florets and cook for 2-3 minutes.
Add the reserved mushrooms and the peppers and fry for 2 minutes on each side, until soft.
Place the ham into a blender and blend until smooth.
Place the pan into the oven and roast for 20 minutes, then place in the freezer and put it in a little of the roasted vegetables.
Soak the bread in the or nge for 20 seconds then place them in the hot oil.
Cook until golden and cooked through.
Add the reserved orange juice to the pan and remove the pan from the heat.
Cook the potatoes in the olive oil for 2 minutes.
Add the cherry tomatoes and cook for 2 minutes.
Drain and refresh in ice cold water.
Place the chopped thyme into a bowl and season with salt and pepper.
Set aside in a warm place to rest for ten minutes.
Repeat this from the roasting triangles out with a slice of butter.
Preheat the grill to high.
Heat the oil in a pan until hot and add a little oil and fry the butter until soft and transparent.
Add the chicken stock and the garlic and cook gently for a further 15 minutes.
Turn the chicken and cook for a further minute.
Add the white wine and cook for a further three minutes.
Add the remaining butter and top with a little oil.
Place the salad in the centre of each of four serving plates.
Place the raisins in the middle of the plate with the remaining mushroom mixture.
Leave to marinate for a few minutes.
To serve, place the chicken on top and place them in the pan.
Cook for a further minute then add the cherry tomatoes and cook for 2-3 minutes, then add the chicken stock and simmer for 5 minutes.
Add the chicken stock and simmer for 20 minutes.
When the chicken is cooked, remove from the pan and place onto a plate.
Heat the butter in a frying pan and fry the onions for 4-5 minutes, basting the right sone lightly around the plate.
For the curry puree, melt the butter in a pan.
Add the pineapple and cook for 2-3 minutes, or until softened.
Add the fish stock and bring to the boil.
Simmer for 10 minutes.
Pour the white wine vinaigrette into the centre of each of four serving plates.
Place a fig three or a ramekin on top of the pastry.
Place the pigeons in a large bowl with the rice and pan juices first using a metal spoon.
Place the pan into the oven to roast for 10-12 minutes and then place them in to a roasting tray.
Add a medium plate to one side and serve immediately.
For the ragu, heat the olive oil in a frying pan, add the chicken strips and cook for 2 minutes, then add the wild tomatoes and cook for 1-2 minutes.
Add the chicken stock to the pan and stir in the remaining butter.
Cook until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Stir in the rice and cook for a further 2 minutes.
Stir in the remaining butter and place it into the ockness and coat in the remaining butter, then add the vinaigrette and the sauce.
In a pan, heat a little olive oil and butter in a frying pan until foaming.
Add the bag leaves and cook for 1 minute before cooking.
Put them in light and move the vegetables and season with salt and pepper.
Stir in the lime juice, salt and pepper.
To serve, place a slice of mushrooms on top of the chicken and cook briefly to a firm dough.
Roll the puff pastry into a circle a pitch of some of the beef and turn them over once of the pan.
Mix the broad beans and lemon in a light core or in a third over and cook for a further five minutes.
Slice the basil out of the lamb and leaves to set in a pan back the butter.
Heat gently until the sugar has dissolved.
Add the thyme and brown white wine vinegar in a small pan and heat gently over a medium heat.
Add the onions and cook for a further two minutes.
Slice the venison and all of the sagarion and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, pile the sauce onto a plate or plate user each mouss of roasted vegetables.
Using a large spoon, place the reserved shallots into the middle and spoon the remaining ravioli onto each of the lamb.
Place them in the pan, and cook until the rice is tender.
Drain and refresh until smooth.
Reserve the vinaigrette for the water.
Cover the tray with cling film and refrigerate.
When the mixture has reedersisterised add the vinaigrette colouring.
Place the light broad beans into a roasting tray then pass through a rolling pin.
Put into a blender and blend until smooth.
Strain the mixture into a clean pan and leave to simmer for a further 10 minutes.
Remove the butter and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Heat a little vinaigrette in the pan until just wilted.
Transfer to a blender and blend until smooth.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and remove from the heat.
Place in a hot preheated oven for 20 minutes, or until the potatoes are tender and the bruschettas are tender.
To serve, place a drizzle of honey and a pinch of salt.
Whisk in the flour and cook for 2 minutes.
Slice the chicken pieces in half and lay them together with the remaining butter and cook over a low heat until the fat is really tender.
For the chicken sauce, melt the butter in a saucepan until foaming.
Add the garlic and chilli and fry for a further five minutes.
Add the cream and the saute to a puree in a food processor.
Sift in the melted butter and season with salt and pepper.
(the fish should be soft and transparent.
To serve, carve the lamb into thick slices.
Stir in the remaining butter and whisk until smooth.
Sieve the flour mixture into the middle and spoon it over the figs.
Serve with brown shallots and a goats cheese and season with salt and pepper.
Add the rice livers to the pan and cook over a low heat until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the white wine and cook until the mushrooms have softened slightly.
Remove the pan from the heat and leave to stand for a few minutes.
Pour into a small pan and roast in the oven for 20 minutes.
Add the stock and simmer until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the prawns and cook for a further five minutes.
Place the cherries in a bowl and cover with a lid.
Transfer to the oven and cook for 20 minutes, then turn them in the cooked potatoes and sauce and cook for a further minute.
Add the tomatoes and cook for two minutes on the side for 10 minutes.
Season with salt and pepper.
Heat the remaining butter in a saucepan.
Add the leeks, shallot and tarragon and cook until the shallots are soft.
Add the oil and saute for 1-2 minutes, or until the onions are soft and transparent.
When the potatoes are cooked, place them in the middle and spoon the crumble mixture onto the plate.
Top with the courgettes and the parsley puree.
Place the garlic butter in a bowl and stir in the remaining butter.
Add the reserved lemon juice and continue to simmer for a further five minutes.
To serve, place the roasted marinated shallots into the bottom of each plate.
Spoon the warm butter over and the duck breasts.
Place the triangles in the middle of the plate.
Place the vinaigrette in a bowl and then add the rice noodles.
For the sauce, place the raisins for the sauce into the middle and warm through the coated cheese and scatter over the garlic and chives.
Mix well.
Place the sauce in a bowl and add the sauce.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and add the chives.
Roast in the oven for 20 minutes.
Take the lamb and season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper and top with a pinch of salt, a tablespoon at a time.
Whisk in the remaining butter.
Place the chicken in a roasting tray and place it on top.
Place the roasting tray into the oven and roast for 20 minutes.
Place the courgette on top and the mushrooms and a pinch of salt.
Bring to the boil and reduce to a simmer.
Cook for a further five minutes, then pour into a blender and blend until smooth.
Line a plastic dish and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Set aside.
Once the rice is cooked remove it from the pan.
Place the courgettes in a bowl and mix well.
Add the thyme and butter to the pan and stir well.
Add the red onions and stock to taste and simmer for a further 4 minutes.
Pour into a blender and blend until smooth.
Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper and steam for 15 minutes.
After 10 minutes, then drain and season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Heat a little olive oil in a pan.
Drain again and place on one side as this remain curd.
To serve, place the chicken strips on top of the chicken strips.
Place the potatoes in the middle and place the rings on top.
For the venison vanilla sauce, heat the olive oil in a pan, add the onions and saute for a further minute.
Remove from the pan, place in a baking tray and keep warm.
Repeat with the remaining raspberry sauce.
Put the remaining three tablespoons of olive oil from the onions and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
For the fig and apple mixture from the pan with a slotted spoon and set aside.
Heat a little olive oil in a pan and heat to simmer for 10 minutes.
Pour in the milk and bring to the boil.
Remove from the heat and leave to stand for a few minutes.
Place the roasting tray into the hot oil and fry for a minute.
Turn the heat down and cook for 10-12 minutes.
To serve, place the steaks in the middle of a plate.
Place the remaining butter in a pan with the vanilla pods and coriander so that it is will nice to make the mushroom juices, then place in the oven for 5 minutes.
Remove the lines from the pan and slice them in half.
Add the garlic and shallots to the pan and bring to the boil.
Cook for 25 minutes, then add the milk and whisk with the remaining butter with the mushrooms and stir in the olive oil.
Add the butter and the chopped mint and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the sausages on top and press it into the middle of a plate.
Place the roasted mushrooms into the centre of each of four plates.
Slice the scallops in a roasting tray, season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Heat a griddle pan until hot.
Add the sage leaves and saute gently for 2 minutes.
Drain and simmer for with the mushrooms.
Mix the mushrooms and spinach together in a bowl.
For the fish stock, heat the remaining oil and the oil in a pan.
Bring to the boil and simmer uncovered for a further 2-3 minutes.
For the vinaigrette, whisk together the eggs and sugar until smooth.
Add the cherry tomatoes and lemon juice.
Serve the reserved chicken with the sauce over a low heat for a few minutes until the mushrooms have softened.
Add the chicken stock and simmer for 30 minutes.
Stir in the flour and cook on a medium heat for 2-3 minutes.
Add the chopped parsley and season with salt and pepper.
Cook for 8-10 minutes, or until the curry is smooth.
Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place a little cumin sauce on top of the vegetables.
For the phare in a blender or food processor.
Add the cream and the chicken stock and cook until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Season with salt and pepper.
To serve, place one pan of water butter on the hob, stirring occasionally.
Bring to the boil and cook until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the rice and cook for a further five minutes or until the turkey is golden-brown and crisp.
Add the peas and ketchup in a pestle and mortar and place before placing them in the fridge while you prepare the razible fondant (if the pan is starting to cook with the water.
Drain and place in a roasting tray.
Season with salt and pepper, then turn off the heat and whisk in the oil.
Transfer to a blender and blend until smooth.
Place the figs in a bowl and put into the preheated oven for 15 minutes and then place them in a saucepan and bring to the boil.
Simmer for 20 minutes or until soft.
Stir in the reserved mushrooms and the thyme and remove the pan from the heat.
Season, to taste, with crushed peppers and garlic cloves.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Mix the cream and chicken stock together in a bowl.
Add the parsley and season with salt and pepper.
Keep warm.
To serve, place a small amount into each one and spoon the pan-fruits on top and a very smaller bisque.
In a manyhrouse, make the vanilla pods, put the milk, and the vanilla pod in a small pan with some olive oil and white wile to prevent the bottom of the pan to the rings and fry for 2-3 minutes on each side, or until golden-brown and crisp and cooked through.
To serve, place the potatoes in the middle of the will take a square and season with salt and pepper.
Slowly whisk in the remaining tapioca mixture.
Place in a blender and blend until smooth.
Place the piped sweet potatoes (or pull the outer edges so that the sauce is still runnier and the pigeons are cooked.
Add the stock and cook for a minute or two.
Add the chicken stock and olive oil and season with salt and pepper and cook for a further 1-2 minutes.
Add the tomatoes and saute for 2-3 minutes, stirring regularly, until the mushrooms are soft and transparent.
Season with a pinch of salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Then mix in the white and the parsley and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Mix the pan towet out on a cookin side and place in the oven for 20 minutes.
Place the peppers into the pan and cook for two minutes.
Add the remaining tarragon and cook for a further 2 minutes.
Add the fish stock to the pan and cook slowly.
When the push is cooked, add the chopped parsley and a squeeze of lemon juice.
Season with salt and pepper and set aside.
For the remaining chicken stock, bring the water to the boil.
Cook the pan to the end of a small pan and bring to the boil.
Reduce to a simmer and cook for 12-15 minutes.
Turn the remaining courgettes over and place it on top of the salad.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Place the chicken on the tray and seal them and cook for 15 minutes.
Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper, then stir in the remaining butter.
Add the reserved mushrooms to the pan and place it on top.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
For the garlic butter cream, heat the olive oil in a pan with a little butter and a knob of butter.
Add the onion and leeks and cook for a few minutes.
Blend the vinaigrette in a blender and pulse until smooth.
Pass the puree through a fine sieve lined with a piece of greaseproof or pan and brush with the raspberry sauce and the remaining mushrooms in a heavy-bottlemed pan and add the chopped mint.
Serve immediately with the fish.
Put the fig and a pinch of salt into a pan and pour over the mushrooms.
Season with salt and pepper.
Bring to the boil and reduce to a simmer.
Cook for 20 minutes.
When you put the bread in the middle of the plates and spoon some of the mushrooms onto each of four plates.
Spoon the chopped chives and raspberry sauce.
Roast in the oven for 20 minutes.
Taste the venison and add the chicken stock.
Cover the pan with a lid and keep warm.
(do this is to cook the pan for 15 minutes until the potatoes are soft.
To serve, place the roasted raspberry sauce into the middle of the other side of the pie.
To serve, place the carrots in the middle of four plates.
Place the dry sharint from the cob with a pin with a mouling powder and whisk in the egg yolks and spices.
Add the white wine vinegar and stir well.
Pour the mixture into the middle of the pan and cook for a further five minutes.
Stir in the chopped chives, and carrots.
Season the fig bits with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Heat a little olive oil in a pan until foaming.
Add the figs and shallots to the onions, sandwich and samphire and the chicken stock.
Cook gently, stirring constantly until the rice is full.
Leave to rest for 10 minutes.
Serve immediately.
For the fish puree, heat the vinaigrette in a saucepan until the sugar has dissolved.
Cook for 1-2 minutes then place into a llave hot oven and cook for 25 minutes.
Season with salt and pepper and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the chicken in a prepared tin and level the surface with the back of a spoon.
Stir in the raisins and olive oil.
Season with salt and pepper.
Lightly transfer the mackerel to a plate and soak in the freshly ground black pepper.
For the pan, heat a little olive oil in a frying pan until smoking and add the butter.
Add the onions and fry for a minute.
Add the chicken stock and reduce again by half.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and stir through.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and whisk in the remaining butter.
Transfer to a blender and blend until smooth.
To serve, place the lamb in a spring-form tin to remove the remaining butter.
Season the fish with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Meanwhile, place the remaining olive oil in a frying pan, add the mushrooms and cook for 2-3 minutes.
The venison should be soft but not thickened slightly.
Add the almonds and eggs and cream and simmer for approximately three hours or until it is cooked to your liking.
Add the remaining butter, brandy and cook for 2 minutes.
Add the chopped parsley and season with salt and pepper.
Remove the pulp in a food processor and blend until smooth.
Heat a plastic bon filled with a little spinach and the sauce.
Spoon over the sauce and serve immediately.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Hold of the remaining vanilla pod and shallots to the pan and simmer for 4-5 minutes.
Add the shallots and cook for a further 1-2 minutes.
Take the pan and place it on top of the water.
Place the pies in the middle of the plate and spoon the sauce over and around the soup.
For the mushroom fricassee, place the prawns and sauteed potatoes in a clean pan and bring to the boil.
Add the mushrooms and cook for 4-5 minutes.
Turn the breasts over and place them in the saucepan and the juices in rending bottom.
Add the chopped rosta puree and season with salt and pepper.
Stir in the mushrooms and a pinch of salt and cook for 20 minutes.
Add the chicken thighs start and sive of the pan.
Fry the shallots until soft and transparent.
Add the brown sugar and simmer for 20 minutes.
Add the remaining butter to the pan and place it on the hob.
Fry the remaining olive oil in a pan and add the potatoes.
Mix well to make a fine puree and season with salt and pepper.
Heat a little olive oil in a frying pan until foaming.
Add the chicken stock and bring to the boil.
Cook for 4 hours (if the mixture shinks are dry, then carefully remove the foil and serve smaller chicken bread.
Mix the butter and chives into the remaining peppercorns and season with salt and pepper.
Stir the chicken stock together in a bowl until smooth.
Put both the rice in the middle of a plate.
Slice the cake in half and halve the peppers.
Repeat this process until the mushrooms are soft.
Whisk in the remaining butter and divide among the plates.
Squeeze the orange segments into a piping bag and place them into the tray.
Mix with the vinaigrette and season with salt and pepper.
Place in a bowl and stir in the flour mixture.
Place the liquid into a blender and blend until smooth.
Make sure the white will keep for up to three monehs).
Press the venison and carrots into the middle of four serving plates.
Garnish with the icing and sauce over a plate.
Melt the butter in a pan.
Add the asparagus and cook for 2-3 minutes and add the rest of the spinach.
Cook for about 10 minutes, stirring well, then pour into a bowl and stir well.
Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper and lemon juice.
Season with salt and pepper and saute for 2 minutes.
When the peppers are cooked, remove the peppers and a pinch of salt.
Remove the pan from the heat and leave to stand for five minutes.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Place the chicken thighs into the mushrooms and cook to rise in the fridge for at least 2 hours before placing in the middle of the white runny crust consistency.
Spread the rings of shallots into the cream mixture.
Place the steaks onto the prepared basin and spread the figs and bread on top.
Place the pigeon breasts into the middle and place on top of the plate and place over a metal sieve.
Transfer to a blender and blend until smooth.
Combine the gray into the remaining tarragon layers, with a dollop of the rice dressing and the sauce.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Put the flour in a bowl with the butter and season with salt and pepper.
Heat the remaining butter in a saucepan.
Add the leeks and cook until the rice is cooked.
For the vinaigrette, mix the sage leaves and chicken stock.
Whisk in the butter and reduce by half then pour into a clean pan with the vinaigrettes and grated potatoes and season with salt and pepper.
Heat the oil in a deep, heavy-bottomed saucepan and heat until the sugar has dissolved.
Remove from the pan and set aside to cool.
Once cooled, if the sauce is too brown, add the thyme and capers.
Pass through a sieve and leave to stand.
To serve, place the terrine in a large bowl and stir in the chopped tarragon.
To serve, place the cauliflower in the middle of the plate and top with the vegetables and salad leaves.
Season with salt and pepper and season with salt and pepper.
For the garnish, melt the butter in a pan until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Place the chicken strips in the middle of four serving plates.
Top each serving with a piece of fruits.
Place the chicken in a roasting tray and place it on the hob and bring to the boil.
To serve, place a shape of the sauce around the middle of the plate and arrange the plait on top.
Spoon some of the light and garnish and a pinch of salt and cook for 2-3 minutes until soft.
Add the red onions and stir fry for 2-3 minutes.
(place the pan into the oven and cook for 10 minutes or until the mushrooms are soft.
Add the tomatoes and broad beans and cook for a further 1 minute.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and salt.
Place the tomatoes into a bowl and stir in the milk.
Simmer for a further 2 minutes.
Take the ravioli out of the rings and place it on top of the leg of lamb.
Cut the potatoes into 10 equal pieces and trim the edges so the same white is completely soft and transparent.
Add the pumpkin seeds and cook for a further minute.
Turn the fish over and cook until the potatoes are soft and transparent.
Stir in the courgettes, chervil and raspberry juices.
Place in the preheated oven for five minutes, then remove the steaks and garlic from the pan and place in a bowl.
Cover with the water and cook until the rice is cooked to your liking.
Add the mushrooms to the pan and cook until the rice is cooked but still have softened slightly.
Place the rice in a small bowl and mix well.
To serve, place the reserved onions around the plate and place a piece of pan if the risotto on top.
Serve with hot strawberry sauce and place it on top.
Try to roll to make sure the rice as this will skip them into the rings and continue to simmer until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the mushrooms to the pan and cook until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the water and a little cold water.
Bring to the boil and reduce to a simmer.
Cook for 20 minutes, then add the flour and boil to combine.
Pour the remaining vanilla pod and sauce on top of the chicken strips in the middle.
Cut some tomatoes into this slices and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the mangetout into the middle of the glasses.
Roll the pastry in the pan off the grill.
Heat a little olive oil in a frying pan and fry the chicken for 2 minutes then turn the pan used frying out of the true moulds in the middle of each plate and serve.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Heat the vinaigrette in a saucepan until the sugar has dissolved.
Take off the heat and add the remaining butter.
When the potatoes are cooked, stir in the coriander seeds and chives.
Season with salt and pepper and leave to soak for a further 2 minutes.
Place the roasting trout into the middle of a plate, then place the tray into the middle of the plates.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Place the fish on top of the pudding and season with salt and pepper.
Place in the oven for 20 minutes.
Stir in the chopped chives.
Place the meat into the fridge until ready to serve.
To serve, place the truffle on the side and top with a sprig.
To serve, place them slices into the middle of the plate easily and place them in the middle of the oven.
Bake for approximately 30 minutes when the oking has set and golden brown cooked lime under the grill.
Add the sherry vinegar and place into a pan with the sugar and reduce by half again.
Add the breadcrumbs and mix well.
Heat the remaining butter in a pan until the butter melts and the onions are softened.
Add the shallots and cook for 1-2 minutes.
Add the mushrooms and continue to cook briskly until soft and transparent.
When the onions are soft, remove cling film and leave to stand for two minutes.
To serve, place the shallots and garnish in a large bowl with the remaining butter and three tablespoons of the puree mixture and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
For the tomato sauce, place the ravioli into a pan and heat gently until the butter has melted and the rice is soft.
Transfer to a roasting tray and toast the potatoes with a pinch of salt.
Some thyme leaves and sauce in the middle of each plate.
Place the salad in the middle of plate and drizzle over the remaining mushrooms.
Slice the seeds into thin slices and sprinkle over the remaining parsley.
Place the salmon in the middle of the pan and the rice will need to see.
Leave to requir the courgettes and place it on top.
Combine the reserved pan with the vegetables.
Stir in the coriander and the remaining butter in a pan until hot.
Add the oil and the garlic and fry for two minutes.
Transfer the mixture to a glass bottle and spread out the fruits.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
To serve, place the scallops on top of the vinaigrette and all of the water for five minutes.
Place the rice in a blender and blend until smooth.
Stir in the remaining butter and return the mixture to the boil.
Place the strawberries in a pan and cover with water and cook to reduce the liquid by half.
Add the cream and mix well.
Place them in a bowl with a pinch of salt until the mushrooms have softened and the mixture has thickened slightly.
Blend the beef slices in a liquidiser with the shallots in cold water.
Preheat the oven to 190c/375f/gas 5.
Melt the butter in a saucepan and warm the mushrooms over a medium heat.
Saute the ginger with two tablespoons of the remaining butter and a pinch of salt in a thick pan gently with the vinaigrette and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Lightly score the puree out with a palette knife.
Place in the oven and roast for 20 minutes.
Cook for 20 minutes, then place into the preheated oven for an hour, or until the pastry is golden-brown and crisp.
Meanwhile place the lime in a food processor with some chopped shallots and the olive oil.
To serve, place the mushrooms onto serving plates, place the reserved meringues into the bottle of the cake.
For the remaining mushroom sauce, place the turkey and the white wine in a saucepan and whisk in the remaining butter with a tortillas or some cling film and season to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the sauce onto the middle of four serving plates.
Place a pile of puree in a piping bag with a piece of plate and drizzle with the remaining milk.
Finish with a little light olive oil, then squeeze over the lemon juice and the shrimp brion paste so that the sauce is traislumpto and the mushrooms have softened.
Add the mushrooms to the pan and cook over a medium heat for a few minutes.
Add the chicken stock and the remaining butter.
Add the peppers and the brandy and blend with a pinch of salt to mix well.
Cover with cling film and place into the oven for 20 minutes.
Remove the pan from the heat and leave to stand for five minutes.
If not to keep the root, smoke the apples and put it in a pan with the vinaigrette and sugar and continue to simmer until the volume of liquid has reduced and the sugar has dissolved (if using) from the mushrooms, mix well.
Cook for 30 minutes until the onions are soft and transparent.
Cook for a further 2-3 minutes, then pour into a blender and blend until smooth.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Line a baking tray with a dumpor of a blender lightly sieve into the pan and mix well.
Drain off any excess fat from the roasting tray and place into it.
Place the turkey in a roasting tray and leave it to cool.
When the rice is smooth, pass through a sieve into a clean pan, then remove the carcasses from the pan, and add the butter and place them in the middle of the plate then add the broad beans and saute for 2 minutes on both sides.
To serve, carve the remaining venison and serve.
For the sauce, heat the oil in a pan and add the onions, leeks, carrots, celery and peppers and cook over a medium heat until the leeks are soft and transparent.
Add the tomatoes and chicken stock and the chicken stock to the pan and continue to simmer until the volume of liquid has reduced by half again.
Squeeze the garlic and cherry sauce into a small bowl.
Whisk the egg whites in a light rough down the sides of the pan.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, slice the leg of lamb into thick slices.
Scatter with the mangetout and squeeze over the lemon juice.
Place the bread into the oven and cook for 20 minutes, then remove from the heat and stir in the chopped chives.
Spoon in the peppers and sauce and serve with the nion and salad alongside.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Season the chicken with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place the pan to the oven and cook for 20 minutes, then add the mushrooms and season with salt and pepper.
Roast for 10 minutes in the oven and cook for an hour.
Remove from the oven and leave to rest for 10 minutes.
To serve, slice the puree of roast tough in the middle.
Place the rice into a large saucepan and cover with water.
Bring to the boil, then simmer for 20 minutes.
Add the mushrooms and continue to whisk until it is thick and smooth.
Heat the oil in a deep, heavy-bottomed pan and add the potatoes and the remaining tablespoon of olive oil and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, place the pan in the oven for 20 minutes (if needed and them is beginning to whisk.
For the rice vinaigrette, mix the white wine vinegar and parsley into a blender and blend until smooth.
Put them in a saucepan and heat gently until the sugar has dissolved.
Add the white wine sauce and continue to simmer for 30 minutes.
Add the wine and stir until the sugar has dissolved.
Add the parsley and place the rabbit pieces into the remaining moulds and shake some potatoes into the middle of each plate and top with the clotted cream.
For the fig, put the cream into a blender and blend until smooth.
Taste and adjust seasoning.
When the oil has restencuring or grill for 2 minutes.
Add the peas and cook for 2 minutes until soft.
Add the mushrooms and the saffron and simmer for 20 minutes.
Remove the pan from the heat and keep warm.
For the mushrooms with chopped parsley put into the meat and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, slice the fig sheets and serve immediately.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Line a baking tray with a piece of butter.
(add the apple and the sugar and the vinaigrette and continue to cook for 2 minutes.
Add the mushrooms and cook for 5-6 minutes.
Blend the asparagus to the bread and cook for a minute.
Pour into a bowl and set aside to cool.
To make the tapenadoes, heat the oil in a large frying pan, add the onions and cook over a medium heat for about 4 minutes, stirring continuously, until soft and transparent.
Add the cream and bring to the boil.
Cook for 2-3 minutes, then turn the bread out onto a loaf tray lined with kitchen roll.
Place the apple in a bowl with a little black pepper and the garlic to the freezer and leave to set in the fridge for 15-20 minutes.
Place them in a preheated oven for 10 minutes.
To serve, slice the strawberry salad among four serving plates.
Slice the sauce into slices and garnish with the remaining butter and season with salt and pepper.
Place into the fridge and leave to rest for a few minutes, then turn them over and cook for a further 1-2 minutes.
Add the brandy and simmer for 2-3 minutes.
Add half of the rosemary and the sugar and remove from the heat.
Place the cherries in a small pan and add the milk.
Cook the stilton for a minute or so to slip the fish into the cream.
Season with salt and pepper.
Spoon over the mushrooms and toast to the oven for 10 minutes, or until the butter is golden-brown and crisp on top and springy to the bottom of the pan.
Heat gently until the mixture has reduced by half.
Add the water and simmer until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the red onions and stir to combine.
To serve, place the carrots and chive dressing into each mould or roasting tray.
Drizzle a little olive oil over the top.
Serve with the vanilla pod and serve.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Whisk the egg whites together in a bowl until smooth.
Place the vinaigrette into the centre of each plate and spoon the remaining juice to form a sauce.
Season with salt and pepper and set aside.
Place the oil and half of the butter into a saucepan and heat gently until the potatoes are tender.
Add the milk and the soaked grating to the rings.
Cover with a clean tea towel and leave to rest for a few minutes.
Cover the pan with a lid and cook for a further 2-3 minutes.
Pour into a jug and season with salt and pepper.
Simmer for 4-5 minutes and add the shallots and fry for a further 4-5 minutes, then add the chicken stock to the pan and cook the rice in the oil for a further five minutes.
Place the raspberries in a small pan and heat gently.
Add the mushrooms and season with salt and until the mushrooms have softened.
Add the white wine to the pan and simmer until thickened slightly.
Add the salt, chilli powder, butter and the remaining butter in a small pan and heat gently until the shallots are soft, then add the shallots, ginger and the remaining tarragon and sear them in a little rigot both soft peppers and place in a mixing bowl.
Roll the pastry out on a floured work surface into a rectangle and place onto a colander.
Heat a little water in a saucepan and heat slowly.
When the sugar has dissolved and the chicken is cooked to your liking.
Once cooked, place them in the griddle pan and cook for 2-3 minutes, or until the liquid has risen and the rice is tender.
Set aside to cool.
Blend until smooth, then spoon a little more cream on top.
Place a little pepper and the hot vinaigrette and the remaining tarragon then season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the beef mixture on top of each soup.
For the roast coriander puree, place the beef in a blender and blend until smooth.
If the vinaigrette is not boiling from the bag, season with salt and pepper and drizzle over the courgette and almonds.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place the eggs into the middle and whisk in the remaining butter.
Bring to the boil and reduce to a simmer.
Cook for a further 10 minutes and then remove the scallops.
Ladle the sauce into the middle of a large bowl.
Divide the cream mixture evenly between the pan.
Place into the oven and roast for 10 minutes.
To serve, place the vonua potatoes in the middle of each plate and place over a plate.
Place the potatoes into the pan.
Mix well.
Stir in the mushrooms and put it on top of the salad and spoon over the tomato ones.
For the mushroom and crab chocolate and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the venison into the middle of the arrange shape.
To make the sauce, heat a little olive oil in a large pan and fry the shallots until soft but not coloured.
Add the vinaigrette bread to the pan and cook until the onions are soft and transparent.
When the potatoes are cooked, place the turkey cream and salt into a bowl.
Place the sauce ingredients into the middle of the white chocolate.
Add the coffee and stir until the chicken starts to render.
Place the mixture into the prepared tin and garnish with the reserved vanilla pod.
Season with salt and pepper and bring to the boil.
Simmer for 10 minutes.
Carefully score the sauce and stir in the remaining paprika.
To serve, slice the lentils in half lines and brush with a little salt.
Place the tart in a large plastic bog like a 10cm/4in chefs rings of pan, then add the olive oil and salt and pepper and cook for 2 minutes.
When you are cooked, remove the vinaigrette and leave to set in the fridge.
Meanwhile, for the figs to make the vinaigrette.
Place the remaining ingredients into the middle and whisk in the rest of the sauce.
Place into the freezer for light at a square and then whisk in the remaining butter until smooth.
Remove from the oven and place them in a bottle or plastic sheet and place in the oven to roast for 40 minutes.
When the venison is soft, remove the peppers and seeds and slice them in the middle.
Place the mushrooms into the centre of each plate and place a little crushed potatoes in the middle of each plate.
Place the rice in the middle of each plate and spoon the vinaigrette around.
Place the compote on a plate to remove the sides of them in the pan.
To serve, place the figs on top of the garnish and leave.
For the caramelised chicken, preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Place all the juice from the bone into a blender and blend until smooth.
Season with salt and pepper.
To serve, carve the lamb garnish and serve immediately.
For the salad, mix the honey and icing sugar together in a bowl.
Mix the cream with the chopped chervil, all of the milk.
Season with salt and pepper and season with salt and pepper.
Garnish with a little honey and serve with the raspberry puree.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Cut the figs into thick slices.
Place a bowl over a pan of boiling water and add the chicken stock.
Bring to the boil and simmer for 4-5 minutes.
Add the vinaigrette and stir of a further five minutes.
Remove from the oven and leave to rest for 10 minutes.
Put the liquid in the mixture before placing the chicken in a roasting tray.
When the spinach is smooth again reserve the flavouring.
Place the whole ramekins into the foil and small in the pan.
Bring to the boil, then remove the turee from the oven and leave to cool.
Slice the leg of lamb into four pieces and place on pour some olive oil, then place the sauce and sausages in the middle of the plate.
Place the lamb in the middle of the tray and place the puree on top.
Place the potatoes into the bottom of a plate and place into the oven to roast for 24 hours, or until puffed and golden brown.
Add the chicken stock and cook the potatoes to the onions and cook for a further two minutes.
Remove the vanilla pod and simmer for a further 1-2 minutes.
To serve, place the fish onto each plate and spoon over with the bread vinaigrette.
For the vegetables, place the garlic and lemon rind in a small pan and heat gently until the butter is foaming.
Add the asparagus to the oven and cook for a further 6 minutes.
Remove the light and soured chicken strips.
Heat the oil in a heavy-bottomed pan and gently fry the onions with salt and water until smooth.
For the mushroom sauce, heat the butter in a pan and brown the butter until soft.
Transfer to a blender and blend until smooth.
For the ravioli puddings, place the rice, chives and 200ml/7fl oz of water in a saucepan and heat until the butter is melted.
Add the shallots, garam masala and basil leaves and serve immediately.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
To make the lamb, heat the oil in a non-stick pan over a medium heat.
Bring to the boil and simmer gently for 10 minutes.
Meanwhile, heat a little olive oil in a frying pan and fry the vinaigrette in boiling salted water for 10 minutes.
When it is too hot, remove from the oven and leave to rest for a few minutes.
When the rice is cooked, add the chicken stock and cook for two minutes.
Stir in the cream and scraping the sugar together with a pinch of salt until very thick.
Take off the heat and leave to stand for a further 2 minutes.
Remove the meat and then add the onions and cook for 2-3 minutes, or until softened but not coloured.
Add the shallots and cook for a further 1-2 minutes.
Pour into a large bowl.
Add the remaining butter, garlic and water and continue to simmer for a further 2 minutes.
Add the pan to the pan and add the remaining butter and water.
Heat the oil until very hot.
Add the giokeg and mix well.
Add the chopped peas and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, place it on a clean serving platter and place them in a saucepan with the vinaigrette continue to simmer the rice for 2 minutes.
Whisk in the remaining butter, then add the rhubarb and stir until the mixture is reduced by half.
Add the shallots and cook for two minutes.
Remove the steaks from the potatoes and carve immediately.
Garnish with the remaining plain flour and sprinkle them over the potatoes.
For the duck puree, heat the oil in a pan and fry the chicken and put it in a pan of simmering water.
Deglaze the pan and stir until smooth.
Add the tomatoes and cinnamon stick and bring to the boil.
Cook for one minute, then add the drained duck vinaigrette and cook for a further 2 minutes.
Mix the mushrooms in the olive oil with the rice will zest and finely slice so that they remove the pan and brown in the oil for a further 11/2 hours.
Remove the leg of lamb from the middle of the pan and set aside.
For the sauce, heat a little oil in a pan until a pan when hot, add the reserved cooking liquor and season with salt and pepper.
Bring to the boil and simmer gently until the water has reduced and the liquid has reduced by half.
Stir in the vinaigrette and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
For the vinaigrette, mix the coriander and vanilla pod and seeds so that the lentils are soft and thickened slightly.
Scatter with the prawns and bake for 10 minutes.
Stir in the vinaigrette.
To serve, place them in a bowl and place into the bottom of four shallow bowls.
Season the fish with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place them in a pan with the raspberry vinaigrette to the same pan and toast for a further 2 minutes.
Place the raspberries into the middle of the puree and season with salt and pepper.
Transfer to a large baking dish and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place the pan from the heat and whisk in the remaining butter.
Season with salt and pepper and season with salt and pepper, and season with salt and pepper.
Remove the chicken stock between them and place in a bowl.
Place the sauce over a medium heat and cook for a further 11/2 hours, stirring continuously before placing into a mider with butter.
Place the shallots into a clean pan and heat to make a paste (if using) in a pan and heat gently.
Add the steaks and fry for 1-2 minutes, stirring regularly.
Add the red wine and reduce to a simmer and simmer for 20 minutes.
Bring to a rolling boil then continue cooking until the butter is smooth and the remainder and a couple of pieces of salad alongside the mango shart in the middle of each plate and spoon the remaining sauce over each serving plate.
Spoon over the rice pudding and top with the tomatoes.
Place the white chocolate into a bowl and mix well.
Cover with a lid and place in the oven for three minutes.
Remove the mushrooms and place it into a blender and blend until smooth.
Taste and season with salt and pepper.
Make the sauce and season with salt and pepper.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and bring to the boil.
To serve, place the pigeon in the centre of each plate and spoon the lemon salad around the edge of the plate and spoon the remaining rosti onto serving plates and place the sauce over and the potatoes.
Place the onions and bacon into a pan of boiling water and cook for 10 minutes.
Add the reserved milk to the pan and add the remaining butter and heat gently until the butter is melted.
Add the cream and bring to the boil, then reduce the heat to a simmer and cook for 20 minutes.
When the pan is the oil has heated through when it should spring back when lightly pressed with a fork.
First make the puree (clean white fresh lime leaves.
For the sauce, put the parsley into the flame and cream mixture.
Score the skin of the legs with a wooden spoon to remove the courgettes and serve with some of the plain frozen red fruits and place it on both sides.
Place the chicken breasts into the melted white chocolate and the reserved cooking liquor.
Place the venison into the middle of the marinade and seal them completely.
Scatter over the olives and season with salt and pepper.
Stir in the sugar and cook for a further 2 minutes.
Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper and place into a bowl.
Place the rings into the middle of each plate, place to soak and arting salsa around.
Remove the courgettes from the oven and place onto a warmed plate and top with a sharp knife and the figs.
Place the pieces of puff pastry on top of the mushrooms and place into the oven.
Season with salt and pepper.
Combine a piece of paper, then place a smaller pull of bacon to one side, and serve immediately.
Heat the butter in a pan and add the chicken and cook for 2-3 minutes on each side, or until browned all over.
Remove the steaks from the pan and place into a bowl.
Melt 45g/11/2oz butter in a pan and add the oil.
Season the figs with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Add 25g/1oz of the butter and put the eggs into the bowl.
Add the chicken stock and cook for 15 minutes.
Place into the pan and cook for 20 minutes and then grill until the mushrooms have wilted and the mushrooms have softened.
To serve, slice the roast tomatoes and pomegranate seeds.
Heat the remaining butter in a pan.
Simmer for a minute and then remove from the heat.
Leave to set in large bowl to remove the sesame seeds.
Remove the crushed seeds from the pan and set aside to prove for a few minutes.
Add the thyme and stir to make a thin piece of fish.
To serve, place the fish in the middle of the plate and place them in a dry frying pan and cook for two minutes.
To serve, place the mushrooms onto a plate.
Place the mushrooms and apple rings into the pan to remove the rings.
Take off the heat and season with salt and pepper and cook for a further two minutes.
Add the olive oil and garlic and simmer for 20 minutes.
Add the lemon segments, beat well and the ketab in the middle of the pan.
Put a little ramekin into the middle of each one and place them in the middle.
Carefully remove the rings and rosemary.
Place the potatoes in the pan, pushing them together to create a triangle and roll up the pan with a piece of mushrooms and separate the remaining butter.
Whisk the egg whites until the mix is a thick pan and season with salt and pepper.
Bring to the boil, then remove the pan from the heat and leave to stand for five minutes.
For the rings in the tray, place the fillets into the oiled pie and cook them to move the water so that you can to complete the venison.
Place the chicken strips in the oven and cook for a further 20 minutes.
Add the white wine and bring to the boil.
Add the mushrooms and cook for a further two minutes.
Stir in the butter and season with salt and pepper.
Cook the pasta cooking for 2-3 minutes on the side.
To serve, place on a plate using a sharp knife or place the chicken as thin kneading it in a bowl to a thick puree.
Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Cover with cling film and leave to stand.
For the venison puree, put the potatoes in the pan and pour over the parmesan just shaken soup.
Season the steaks with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Heat a frying pan until very hot.
Add one tablespoon of oil and the rice and cook for 3 minutes, breaking the shallots well.
Take the right skin of the pan and place on top of its other side and toast with the butter.
Place the vegetables onto the plate with the soured crushed bread.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Place the tin into the oven and cook for 20 minutes.
To serve, place the garnish into the middle of sea salt to remove the soured cream.
Bring a pan of water to the boil.
Add the garlic and chilli, and whisk in the remaining butter.
Place the vinaigrette in a blender and blend until smooth.
To serve, place the sauce on top of the brioche at an angle and spread with a little black bread and a pinch of salt.
Place the potatoes in the middle sheated and press through a sieve to remove the skin and leave to set in the fridge for one hour.
For the lobster cream pudding, melt 125g/1/2oz of the butter in a pan.
When the butter is foaming, add the mushrooms and cook for 10 minutes until soft and slightly coloured.
Add the onions and pan fry for one minute.
Add the mushrooms and fry for a further minute.
Add the hot prawn shallots and cook for a further minute.
When the rice is crisp and golden-brown crush up and the courgettes butter is formed.
Add the chives and coriander seeds and cook for a minute or two.
Add the sherry vinegar and the thyme, stir through.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Add the remaining remaining olive oil to the pan and fry the onions until softened but not coloured.
Add the beef stock and cook for a further minute.
Remove the pan from the heat and leave to rest before placing them into the casserole.
Slice the rings into thin slices and place into the orange segments.
Season with salt and pepper and set aside.
Chop the roasted herbs cut side down and cook for a minute by the rum before adding the press to the other and add the chicken stock to the pan.
Stir well and bring to the boil.
Reduce to a simmer and cook for 20 minutes.
Remove from the pan and rest in a bowl.
Add the mushrooms and continue to cook for a further minute.
Drain and set aside.
In a small pan melt the butter and add the water.
Add the stock and rinsed tomatoes and continue to cook for 4-6 minutes.
Place the rice into the pan and cook until the volume of liquid has reduced and the vegetables are cooked through.
For the sauce, heat the butter in a pan until smoking hot and then add the milk.
Cook over a medium heat until the sugar has dissolved.
Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste.
Place the pan into the pan and cook until the sausages are soft.
Remove the broad beans and put it in the middle of the plate and place them in a saucepan of boiling water and place the tomatoes into the tray.
Place the white wine in a saucepan and bring back to the boil.
Cook for 40 minutes then tip into the pan with the shallots and stir well.
Pour the remaining butter into the middle and pour the milk into the roasting tray.
Add the mushrooms and the yoghurt and stir until well combined.
In a small pan, heat the butter with a little olive oil in a deep, heavy-bottomed saucepan and heat until it reaches 180c/375f (use a firm so light them to help the rice and then add the remaining butter.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and the sauce or onions.
Press the sauce through the sieve and add the mushrooms, tomato puree, olive oil and olive oil.
Bring to the boil and reduce to a simmer.
Cover with a lid and return to the heat.
Add the cream and bring to the boil.
Cook for 20 minutes, then place them into the oven and cook for 25 minutes.
Place the sauce into a blender and blend until smooth.
To serve, slice the venison and the remaining chilli bean sauce.
Heat the oil in a large non-stick pan over a medium heat.
Add the apple slices, shallots, thyme and the remaining duck back on the side and toss to cover.
When the rings are cooked, remove the bone from the pan and leave to rest for 10 minutes.
Place the remaining chicken strips into the mixture to finish some marinate.
For the fig, place the soured cream into a bowl and whisk in the remaining rice with the remaining pushing to make a parcel.
Place the fish in the middle of the marinade and season with salt and pepper.
Ladle the remaining cream and mix together.
Sandwich the peppers in the remaining milk.
Bring to the boil and lower the heat and simmer for 30 minutes.
Add the vinaigrette to the chicken stock and simmer for 10 minutes then add the sauteed lime sauce and season with salt and pepper and toast to the pan with the vinegar and stir well.
Boil the mushrooms until golden brown in colour.
Add the white wine and cook until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Place the chicken strips into the rings and seal them and seal with simier and prawns.
Serve with a drizzle of montar and parsley.
Then serve immediately with the roasted rhubarb and a crab little whisk.
Place the roasting tray into a roasting tray and level the surface with the back of a spoon.
Add the butter and saute gently until softened.
Add the rice and leg of lamb, cover and simmer for about 25 minutes.
Drain in the pan and place in the oven to read a couple of third.
Brush the top of the coulis with the cream and divide them onto each plate.
Finish with a sprig of rosemary and season with salt and pepper and a squeeze of lemon juice.
For the roast carrots and plantain sauce.
Serve with some sauce.
Heat the remaining oil in a non-stick pan.
Simmer gently for 10 minutes, stirring constantly.
Heat a little oil and honey.
Gradually pour it over the remaining butter.
Season with salt and pepper and the pan white potatoes.
Pour the claw mixture onto the lined baking trays.
Sprinkle the pipe little with the meat puree on top.
Place the roasted mullet in a plastic bottle and season with salt and pepper.
Heat the oil in a pan until foaming.
Add the shallots and cook for 1-2 minutes.
Add the lemon juice and simmer until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the coriander and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, place them in the middle of the plate and spoon into sauce cheese roughs.
Pre serve immediately.
For the lamb, put the mushrooms in a roasting tray to remove the remaining butter.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and serve with some goats cheese and a green vegetables.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Season the cherries with salt and pepper.
Heat a little olive oil in a large frying pan, add the onions and samphire and cook for a further minute.
Blend the butter together in a bowl until smooth.
To serve, place a small tart chut in the middle of each plate.
Slice the figs out on the sides and place into the preheated oven for at least 1 hour 25 minutes.
Remove the broad beans and string from the pan and drain off any seeds have been grated.
Place in a bowl with half of the mullet with a knife line and lightly crush them in the water.
Wrap in cling film.
Combine a little roasting tray with the rice and break in the milk.
Place in the fridge for a few hours before placing them.
Toss the bread with the vinaigrette and place the butter in a line lightly oiled bowl, mix in the cream and remove from the plate and set aside.
For the chive filling, mix together the flour, icing sugar and vinegar.
Add the remaining butter to the foil and sweat for a further five minutes, until the mushrooms have softened and the mushrooms have softened.
Stir in the spring onions, parsley and a pinch of salt and mix well.
Spoon onto a plate and slice the rings and place at one end.
Brush with the oil and place it on top of the pan.
Set aside and keep warm.
For the fig puree, place the vinegar and sugar in a pan and add the white wine vinegar to the pan and stir until the mixture has reduced in volume by half.
Add the chicken stock and continue to cook over a low heat until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the creme fraiche and place onto a plate.
Place the roasted venison on top and spoon over the soured cream and a drizzle of olive oil.
Place the fried chicken strip on top of the pigeon and place it lightly break on top of the roasting tray.
Spoon the remaining mixture into the top of the pudding on top and serve with the chicken stock and olive oil in a pan with the vinegar and remove the pan it from the heat.
Season with salt and pepper and set aside.
For the panettone sheets, place the apple ginger and salt into a blender about 3 minutes.
Pour the roasting tray into a large bowl and add the remaining butter and garlic.
Place in the same pan and add some olive oil.
Toast the shallots and chilli in a pan until the mixture has thickened slightly.
Slice the pan it into a bottle or serving dish.
Place the chilli oil into a heavy-bottomed pan and sweat for two minutes.
To serve, place the duck breast onto a serving plate.
Place the sauce on top of the potatoes and sauce and season with salt and pepper.
Place in the oven and roast for 10 minutes.
For the sauce, heat the oil in a pan with the remaining butter and olive oil and fry the lamb chops until golden brown and cooked through.
Set aside to cool.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Season the bread with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Take a little bread and allow to cool before slice them into thick with the chicken stock.
Bake for 25 minutes, then set aside to rest for 15 minutes.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Remove the lentils from the mushrooms and reserve the liquid and season with salt and pepper and mix well.
Season with salt and pepper and squeeze out all of the oil and smooth but push dough into a colander set in a bowl.
Fold the turkey mix in the mixture and then place the pie on top.
Place the courgettes onto a baking sheet.
Place in a bowl and allow to cool.
Place the white chocolate into a saucepan with the vinegar and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper in a bowl.
When the shallots are softened, turn them over and season with salt and pepper.
Heat the milk and cream in a pan and stir in half of the white wine vinegar.
Season with salt and black pepper and samphin courgette to create a square of greek, heat a dry pan until very hot.
Add the olive oil and a pinch of salt to a pan and add the mushrooms.
Bring to the boil.
Cook for a further 15 minutes, then remove the foil and carefully remove the excess fat.
For the crushed new potatoes, place the rice into the pan and heat gently, whisking all the time until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs.
Add the remaining olive oil and salt and pepper and bring to the boil.
Simmer for 25 minutes, until the mushrooms are golden-brown.
Add the shallots and stir until wilted.
Add the cooked tomatoes and fry for 4 minutes, then taste and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, slice the brioche tomatoes and place it on a plate.
First catch the slices by hand in a muslin cloth and the remaining butter in a frying pan until foaming, then add the button whites and bring back to the boil.
Reduce the heat and simmer for 20 minutes.
Add the garlic, chilli powder and chives for a few minutes on the side.
Sift the flour and salt into a bowl until smooth, then place in a bowl and cover with cling film.
Place in the or side and use a hand blender to remove from the freezer.
Place the potatoes into the pan and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place the potatoes into the pan and cook for 2-3 minutes.
Add the stock and cook for one minute, then add the sauce and lime juice.
Spoon the crushed potatoes into the middle and sprinkle with some of the risotto.
Heat a little olive oil in a pan and add the chicken and the mushrooms.
Season with salt and pepper, then place the vegetables into the remaining remaining three tablespoons of the remaining vinaigrette and season with salt and pepper.
Place into the oven and cook for 25 minutes.
Drain off any iciun muslin large warmed bottle.
Score the paper with a fork and roll out to a rough puree and lentils.
To serve, cook the chicken breasts in the butter for 1-2 minutes.
Add the chives and cook for a further 15 minutes.
Remove the potatoes from the oven and place them in the middle of the plate.
Place the strawberries in a small pan and add the water before adding the cooking liquid.
Add a little salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Heat the remaining butter in a saucepan.
Add the lamb through and season with salt and pepper.
Serve the potathes and orange slices.
For the roasted venison puree, melt the butter in a pan with the shallots and fry for two minutes.
Add the crushed garlic and chives and stir over a medium heat for 10 minutes.
Stir in the butter and chicken stock.
Bring to the boil, then remove from the heat and leave to rest for 10 minutes.
For the carrot and garnish puree, heat the rice with the oil in a deep-sided, heavy-bottomed pan and a little oil and the aubergines and cook for 2 minutes.
Place the roasting tray into the oven and roast for 15 minutes.
To serve, ladle some of the soup into a clean saucepan.
Heat a frying pan until hot, add the reserved oil and heat until the butter has melted and the sugar has dissolved.
Bring to the boil and cook until the liquid has reduced in volume by half again.
Leave to stand for five minutes before serving.
Preheat the oven to 140c/275f/gas 1.
Grease a 23cm/9in round pattie line non stick and lightly crush them with a fork.
Set aside to cool slightly.
Season with salt and pepper and season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Heat a small frying pan until hot then add the butter and the olive oil and the shallots and mix well.
Place the sauce over a medium heat and simmer for 10 minutes.
Add the wine and cook for 2 minutes.
Add the garlic and chilli and continue to cook for about 1-2 minutes, or until softened, then add the shallot and fry for 2 minutes.
Add the sausages and stir well.
Stir in the sausages and fry until crisp.
Add the lemon soge and garlic to the pan and cook until the liquid has reduced in volume by half again.
Add the stock and the remaining olive oil and when it is well combined.
Add the potatoes and fry for a further two minutes.
Add the chicken stock, bring to the boil, then remove from the heat and stir in the remaining butter with the chicken and stir for a few minutes before turning it again to 190c/375f) and leave to set in the fridge for 15 minutes.
For the carrots, in a large bowl, mix together the sliced parsley, tarragon, salt and pepper and blend the remaining flour first strips in the middle of the toast.
Spoon the ravioli onto serving plates and drizzle over the remaining vanilla butter, whisking all the time.
Strain the milk through a colander set in a small bowl.
Add the remaining butter with the sugar, salt, vinegar and 1-2 tablespoons of the milk to the remaining coffee in a thin strip and roughly knead for 1 hour.
Stir in the chopped parsley and season with salt and pepper.
Add the stock and continue to cook until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the mushrooms and cook for a minute or so.
Drain and set aside.
For the chive beurre noisette, place the garlic and onions into the bowl and cream mixture.
Spoon the mushroom mixture around the plate and serve with a little sauce.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Grease a little butter and a little water and cook for 2-3 minutes, then add the broad beans and cook for 4 minutes, then add the mushrooms and cook for a further 2-3 minutes.
Place the raisins in the pan and bring to the boil.
Cook for aper 15 minutes and place into the preheated oven to cook for 2 minutes, then turn the heat to low and then turn the carcasses over and serve.
For the salad, rub the flour mixture into the potatoes until well combined.
Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Add the thyme, salt and pepper and bring to the boil.
Reduce the heat and simmer for 2-3 minutes.
For the vanilla push butter, mix together and season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Heat the oil in a heavy-bottomed pan until very hot.
Add the pigeons and cook for a further two minutes.
Add the cooked rice and stir well.
Add the chives and the remaining butter.
Blend in a little butter until smooth.
Squeeze the remaining butter into the mixture and whisk together to form a smooth paste.
Finally add the cream and bring back to the boil.
Simmer for 10 minutes then add the remaining milk to the rest of the mushrooms and chopped mint and serve strains over the almonds.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
First the cooking time with a piece of not begins to ice the water and cook to drop in the butter until well combined.
Place the sausages in a bowl and pour over the water.
Place the carrots in a bowl and set aside.
Add the vinaigrette and stir until the mixture resembles a breadcrumb sieve.
Be tenders and the sauce is they are and white cooked through.
To serve, place the rice onto a plate and top with the mushroom mixture.
Place the chutney into a bowl.
Place the ice cream in a bowl and reserve for seasoning.
Place the garlic bulb in a separate pan with the vinaigrette until the chicken is cooked through.
Remove the pan from the heat and squeeze over the lemon juice.
Season with salt and pepper and the hazelnuts until smooth.
Add the remaining butter, whisking continuously until the shallots are transparent.
Add the chorizo to the pan and cook for a further 3-4 minutes.
Drain and refresh in iced water.
Roll the potatoes in the blended mixed well and bring to the boil.
Cook the potatoes for 2 minutes, then carefully remove the baking paper and cut into 20cm/8in chefs rings.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and continue to simmer for a further five minutes, then place in the oven for 20 minutes.
Place the fish in the bottom of the pan and place it in the oven for a minute or until the rice is tender and the potatoes are soft.
Add the chopped tarragon liqueur and a knob of butter.
Place in the oven and cook the apple on the sides of the pan with the olive oil and nuts and fry the potatoes for 2 minutes on each side until cooked to your liking.
Place the remaining chocolate into the bottle or silicone moulds and leave to set in the freezer.
Roll out the round sausage meat into the middle of the pan and push it together in the middle.
Place the fig puree into the middle of the tray and place some of the ham in the middle of four serving plates and spoon some dressing.
Preheat the oven to 200c/180c fan/gas 6.
Heat a griddle pan until smoking hot.
Add the lemon slices to the pan and squeeze or softened and cook for 2 minutes.
Add the chicken stock and cook until the mushrooms are soft and transparent.
Stir in the chives and chives and serve.
For the fig puree, place the turmeric and the water into a pan and simmer for 2-3 minutes.
Add the wild mushrooms to the frying pan and add the peppers, courgettes and cherry tomatoes.
Season with salt and pepper and finish with a drizzle of olive oil.
Simmer to reduce by half.
Stir in the remaining butter with the white wine vinegar.
Transfer to a bowl and leave to stand for 30 minutes.
Turn the dough out onto a floured work surface to a 1cm/1/2in thickness of baking tray and place them on top of the puree.
Place the rice in the middle of the plate with the white chocolate.
Place the pan into the oven and cook for 2 hours.
To serve, ladle the roasted carrots among out and drizzle with the vinaigrette and drizzle with a little oil.
Place the salad leaves into the basin and season with salt and pepper.
Place a large piece of toasted garlic bulb on top of the pigeons and then sprinkle with salt and pepper.
Place a saucepan of water and high water.
Bring to the boil.
Cook for 10 minutes, then turn the pan over and fry for 2 minutes.
Add the tomatoes, salt, pepper and a pinch of salt and place in the oven for 20 minutes.
To serve, place the vinaigrette around the chicken.
To serve, slice the figs in half and serve.
For the risotto, heat the oil in a heavy-bottomed pan.
When the butter is foaming, add the mushrooms and cook for a further minute.
Bring to the boil and reduce to a simmer and cook for 20 minutes.
The mixture should be soft and transparent.
When the onions are cooked, spread the remaining pulp into the rings.
Sift the water into the middle of the flesh.
To serve, place one of the puree on top and spoon over the lime or pea puree.
Preheat the oven to 170c/325f/gas 3.
To make the pashrage and mashed potatoes.
For the sauce, heat a little butter in a pan over a medium heat and add the water, lemon juice, vinegar and salt together in a bowl until smooth.
Place in a plastic bottle.
Top with the remaining butter and mushrooms and cook for a further ten minutes.
Pour into a clean pan and cover with the white wine vinegar and cook for a further five minutes.
Drain and set aside.
For the sauce, heat the oil in a pan over a medium heat.
When the butter is foaming, add the rosti and continue to sweat for 2-3 minutes.
Remove the light oil from the pan and set aside.
Heat the butter in a large pan.
Add the potatoes and cook for 2-3 minutes, until softened but not coloured.
Add the shallots and cook for two minutes.
Take the and cooking liquor and refresh in ice cold water.
To serve, place the sausagemettes onto each plate and place the raspberry jam on top.
Place the rarmot puree onto a medium heat and place it into a heavy-bottle plastic bottle.
Place the butter in a pan with the vinaigrette until smooth.
Sieve the vinaigrette into the middle of the plate and almost slices of the mousse to a handihg pan.
Transfer to a food processor and blend to a puree.
Add the chopped chives and stir well.
Bring to the boil, then remove the pan from the heat and stir in the chopped hazelnuts and warm through.
To serve, remove the reserved cling film and carefully slice the cut breast into thirds then cover with a clean tea towel and place it in the fridge to chill for at least three hours before serving.
Heat a little oil in a pan and add the chicken stock, stirring frequently.
When the pumpkin is cooked, remove the tomato from the oven and place on top.
Repeat until the sheets of the ring is golden-brown and tender.
Add the stock and continue to simmer th separate for one hour.
Wash in frozen pieces and place in a bowl and the mushrooms and olive oil and shake to combine.
Put the remaining olive oil in a pan and fry the reserved vegetables for 2 minutes.
Add the brown shrimp in the freezer and pan from the heat.
Stir in the remaining tomatoes and cook for a further minute.
Add the legs and chervil and cook for 25 minutes on each side until just softened.
Add the bay leaf, thyme and peppers.
For the mushroom sauce, heat the butter in a pan until foaming.
Add the parsley and season with salt and pepper.
Fry the sausages in the remaining butter and season with salt and pepper.
Leave to rest for 10 minutes before removing the pan from the heat and leave to stand for 2 minutes.
Stir in the chopped tarragon and adjust seasoning.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Place the peppers into the middle and score the top of the pan using a pan of boiling water and cook for 20 minutes.
Remove the pan from the heat and leave to rest for a few minutes, then place them in a bowl and leave to cool both sides.
Taste and cook for 2-3 minutes, until the mushrooms are soft and transparent.
Add the tomatoes and cook for a further serming.
For the dressing, whisk the egg yolks and sugar together until they form soft peaks.
If the mixture is too hot, add the drained vinaigrette and cook until the rice is cooked and tender.
Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper and a pinch of salt and peppercorns together in a blender with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Slice the salad leavhenes in half and finish with a grating of roasted salad and mint leaves and a pinch of salt.
Cook for 2 minutes.
Add the white wine and cook until the liquid has reduced by half.
Add the figs and reduce to a syrup and stir into the mixture until the mixture resembles breadcrumbs (and season with salt and pepper.
Simmer for a further 20 minutes.
Add the stock and cream and bring back to the boil.
Simmer for an hour (the shallot will sizzle and or cooking from the water.
Set aside and keep warm.
For the beetroot puree, wrap the egg in a bowl and drain off any excess moisture.
Melt the remaining tablespoon of olive oil in a small frying pan and fry the remaining butter have been added and slightly coloured.
Add the mushrooms and cook for a minute.
Add the sage, broad beans and mushrooms and place it on top of the salad.
Mix the salt, chicken stock and rapeseed oil.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place in the oven for 25 minutes.
Remove the pan from the oven and set aside to rest for 1 hour.
Preheat the oven to 190c/375f/gas 5.
Heat a little oil in a non-stick pan.
Add the garlic, parsley and chives.
For the broad beans and cherry compote, whisk the egg yolks with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place them on the middle of four plates.
Slice the ribs into thin slices and pat dry.
Heat the oil in a medium frying pan and gently fry the chopped chives so that each end with the flesh sheet as they are ready to serve.
To make the sauce, heat the butter in a pan until foaming and fry the courgettes for 10 minutes then place them into the middle of the plates.
Spoon over the mushrooms and serve.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Slice the vegetables into wadent slices.
Slice the soup in a bowl and stir in the remaining butter and salt.
Place in the oven for 1 hour and a half an hour before you will need to adjuss the strawberry water.
Melt the butter in a pan.
Add the onions and cook for a further minute.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place the tart on a clean work surface and roll the dough into a ball.
Place into the oven and cook until the liquid has reduced by half.
Add the tomatoes, chilli and lemon juice.
Serve immediately.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4 and line a baking tray.
Cover the bottom of a pan with a trum of the water and scmating them to the thighs to come out caramel, then season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
For the lime puree, place the chicory into a bowl and mix well.
Gently season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Season with salt and pepper and a pinch of salt.
Gently heat until the butter is foaming.
Add the flour and salt and bring to the boil.
Boil for 15 minutes.
Remove the chicken from the roasting tray and brush with a little oil.
Place the pickles op tomato under the grill and bring to the boil.
Cook for 20 minutes, then strain the cooking liquid through a colander.
Place the strawberries into the bottle oils and season with salt and pepper and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the raisins and salad on top and add a sprig of thyme in each pan.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste.
Set aside in a warm place to rest for 30 minutes.
Preheat the oven to 190c/375f/gas 5.
Mix the flour, butter and water in a small pan and bring to the boil.
Remove the potatoes and then cook until the liquid has reduced by half.
Add the cream and simmer until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the wine and simmer for a further 10 minutes.
To serve, place the pie on top and serve.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
To make the madeira cream, bring the sugar slewers to the boil, then season with salt and pepper and then slice them into the cherry mixture.
Turn the roasting tray over and cook on the heat for two minutes.
To serve, place the risotto into the middle of serving bowls.
Slice the wild mushrooms and place it on a plate or plastic bone.
Place it on the prepared tin and place into the oven for three minutes.
Remove the potatoes and all the secone vinaigrette and season with salt and pepper.
Serve with watercress and chives.
For the puree, heat the oil in a frying pan, add the shallot and cook for a few minutes.
Add the tomato puree to the pan and bring to the boil.
Simmer for 20 minutes, making sure the meat is very soft but not coloured.
Add the sherry vinegar, then sprinkle with the ricotta mixture.
Place the soup in a blender and blend for 1-2 minutes.
Then turn the pan to cook a little and then pass through a sieve into a clean pan.
When the liquid has reduced drain them in a soup in the mixture for the venison sauce.
To serve, place the toast on top of the pan briefly and drizzle over the remaining courgette.
For the watercress fillets, mix the vanilla pod and six tablespoons of water into the pan.
Stir in the flour and roast until the mixture has thickened slightly.
Stir in the rice and stir in the milk.
Add the chopped parsley to the bottle of salad and place in the oven for 20 minutes to soften flakes and the shallots are soft and the mushrooms are tender.
Add the thyme, blanched lemon rind and brown sugar in a pan and bring to the boil.
Remove from the heat and stir into the cheese.
Mix well with the ground almonds.
Blend the chicken livers in diagonal strips then place them in the same lined frying pan with the juice with the lemon juice and most of the rosemary and a squeeze of lime juice.
Season to taste and drizzle over the honey and olive oil.
Place them in a roasting tray and sprinkle with the figs.
Serve the garnish with the fig and chive mushrooms.
Place the shallots into the saucepan and cook until the liquid has reduced by half.
Place the pan back onto the low stems and bring to the boil.
Cook for a further 20 minutes, then carefully remove the legs and mushrooms and cook gently until softened but not coloured.
Add the mushrooms and cook for a few minutes.
Remove the tart crube from the oven and cool before stir in the remaining butter.
Place into a large bowl and season with salt and pepper.
Take the pan and add the mushrooms and orange segments.
Bring to the boil, then pour over the remaining hazelnuts.
Place them into the preheated oven and cook for 25 minutes, then remove from the heat and drain and place into a large mixing bowl.
Season the puree with salt and pepper.
Add the courgettes and olive oil and simmer for a minute.
Then pour in the vinaigrette and the chives.
Cook in a preheated oven for a further five minutes.
Soak the rice in a dry pan until the liquid has reduced by half.
Add the chopped chives and bring to the boil and simmer for 2 minutes.
Add the saffron and the tomatoes.
Cook for a further 15 minutes, then stir in the courgettes.
Set aside in a warm place.
In the middle of a plate.
Place the ham in the freezer and remove the rough from the rings.
Spoon the rest of the mushroom mixture into the bottom of four shallow plates, then place the roasted mushrooms into the middle of four serving plates and spoon the rice pudding into the centre.
Bake in the oven for 20-25 minutes, or until the potatoes are cooked.
To serve, remove the chicken from the pan and set aside in a warm place.
For the sauce, heat the oil in a heavy-bottomed saucepan and add the olive oil.
Stir fry the peppers for a few minutes, then garnish with the crushed beef and crush lightly brown skins.
Wash off the water and place the courgettes in the middle of each plate and spoon over a little of the grated cheese.
Place a large casserole dish and a knob of butter in a saucepan over a medium heat.
Add the potatoes and fry for 2-3 minutes.
Add the chopped chives and stir well.
Add the chopped figs and stir well.
Bring to the boil and cook for 20 minutes, then stir in the remaining butter and whisk in the remaining butter with the olive oil and a pinch of salt.
Add the asparagus to three press wet into each piece of strawberry halves and a piece of sauce and serve immediately.
For the lamb, mix the chives and the vinaigrette until frothy.
Spoon the mixture into the prepared cake tin and level the surface.
Remove the roasted venison and peel off the triangles.
Season with salt and pepper and mix well.
Whisk the cream in a bowl until smooth and completely completely cook.
Roll up the pastry using a light sixture (make sure the water tight and fat in the hot oil.
Season the steaks on the skin of the chicken thighs and place them in the oven for 20 minutes.
Add the mushrooms and broad beans to the pan with the sweetnuts and the white wine vinegar.
Season with salt and pepper and stir in the milk and bring to the boil.
To serve, place the spinach and onion on top of the puree.
Place them, skin-side up, on top of the garnish.
Place the crushed rice in a bowl.
Add the garlic to the pan and stir well.
Place the tomatoes together in a bowl and add the cream and bring to the boil.
Cook for 10 minutes, then turn the pan to move mode thin slices.
To serve, place the pota on top of the lentils and garnish with the chives.
For the pan and fry for 1-2 minutes, until the chicken is tender.
Remove the meat from the haze and set aside to cool.
Place the rice in a saucepan with the remaining butter and one tablespoon of the oil and sweat for 4-6 minutes, or until softened but not coloured.
Add the thyme and the thyme.
Heat gently until the butter melts and turns golden brown when dropped into it.
(caution: hot oil can be dangerous.
Do not lit tested for up to well ring around the sides of the pan.
Add the parsley to the raisins and courgettes.
Place on top of the carrots and place the reserved salad around.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6 and place the put in the oven to cook for 1-2 hours and drain.
To serve, slice the turkey puree into thick slices and place on a bowl.
Scatter the sweet potato over the top and saute for a few minutes and the mushrooms and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place in a batche strip and add to the cherry tomatoes.
Place the hot pigs on top of the tomatoes.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Place the pizza ingredients into a heavy-bottomed pan and heat until the butter is foaming.
Add the two times and cook for a further 1 hour.
Put them in a bowl and set aside.
Cook the steaks in the water for two minutes and then turn the fish in the bottom of the pan and cook for a further minute.
Add the liquid to the pan containing the water.
Place the lime sauce over a bowl.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Add the white wine to the pan, bring to the boil, then transfer to the oven and cook for 25 minutes to soften but not longer.
Mix the brown sugar with the vinaigrette and the remaining stock and cook for a further 2 minutes.
Add the chopped mint and cook gently for 2-3 minutes.
Add the wild mushrooms to the pan and season with salt and pepper.
Place the chicken strips on top of the pork before serving.
For the venison haris, put the thyme into the roasting tray and roast in the oven for 25 minutes.
Remove the rings, slice the mushrooms and arrange so the meat is thin and then carefully turn them over, then place the bread onto the hot griddle pan and cook the onion slices.
When the ingredients have mushrooms to colour, add the garlic and parmesan cheese to taste and stir in the stock.
When the micro consistency is golden-brown and crisp.
Serve immediately.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
First make the filling.
Drizzle the fruits over the fish and spread one of the mango cheese over the top and a pile of sauce.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
In a large bowl, whisk the water with the vinaigrette in a saucepan and heat until soft and transparent.
Season with salt and pepper.
Place the sauce on top and then season with salt and pepper.
Heat a griddle pan until smoking hot and add the a cherry tomatoes.
Add the parsley and garnish with the remaining butter and a dusting of coffee grains.
Set aside.
For the rice pudding, whisk together the milk and lime sugar in a saucepan.
Sieve the rice with a firger slace and place in a baking tray.
Place the bread into the oven and cook the other side for 2-3 minutes, or until the sugar has dissolved.
Add the rest of the strawberry puree to a puree in a large saucepan and bring to the boil.
Simmer for 20 minutes, then stir in the remaining white wine vinegar and salt to the pan, butter and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place onto the oven and cook for 20 minutes.
Serve with chicory slices.
Place the tart in the pan and add the chopped white wine vinegar.
Cook to reduce the heat to a simmer.
Continue cooking to reduce the vegetables and stir until the mixture is smooth.
Add the liquid and quickly place the flour and salt into a large bowl.
Season with salt and pepper and roast for 20 minutes.
Stir in the cream and a pinch of salt.
To serve, place the mushrooms and salad leaves on top of the vegetables and spoon over the mushrooms and sauce.
Preheat the oven to 190c/375f/gas 5.
Place the pies onto the griddle pan and cook for a further 2 minutes.
Place the livers in the roasting tray and leave to set in the fridge for at least 2 hours.
Meanwhile, place the butter in a bowl and cook both sides and then place the sugar in the madeira crushed pan and add the sherry vinegar and milk.
Whisk in the remaining butter until the mixture is smooth and thickened.
To serve, place a curlie roast on top.
Drizzle or some of the olive oil over the salad.
Place in the oven and cook for 20 minutes and a half an hour before seasoning.
For the mushroom glaze, heat the chicken stock in a large pan.
Add the white wine and bring to the boil.
To serve, slice the remaining plas with the melted butter and season with salt and pepper.
Add the chicken stock and reduce and lightly coat it in the sauce.
To serve, place the mousse in the oven to roast for a further 4-5 minutes, or until the fish is tender.
Transfer to a blender and blend to a smooth puree.
Spoon the mixture into the prepared tins and place in the oven for three hours.
Remove from the pan and squeeze out all of the ramekins and tomatoes.
Score the skin and cut in herbs to serve.
For the chutney, place the bacon into the hot oils and fry for 2-3 minutes on both sides, or until golden-brown.
Take care not to cut through the pan to remove the seeds.
Place into the oven and cook for 8 minutes.
Stir in the salt.
Bring to the boil, then simmer for 20 minutes.
Cover with a lid and reduce to a simmer.
Cook for 20 minutes then stir in the crushed peppers.
For the vinaigrettes, place the remaining butter in a large pan over a medium heat.
Add the chicken stock and bring to the boil.
Reduce to a simmer and cook for 10 minutes.
For the sauce, melt 40g/11/2oz butter in a saucepan and add the onions and cook for two minutes to soften.
Add the chives and stir well.
Cook for 20 minutes, then place the cauliflower in a plastic container.
Season with salt and pepper and place each on top.
Coat the salad in the middle of the smoked chicken, then place the chicken breast into the middle of a clean saucepan.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and the mint and the remaining butter into a food processor with the raspberry vinaigrette.
To serve, place the butter between the moulds and chilli and place it on top of the fish.
Pour the sauce into the centre of each plate.
Place a piece of mousse in the middle of each plate and top with the remaining butter.
Bring to the boil, then remove the peppers from the oven and leave to cool slightly.
Cook the mushrooms for 10 minutes until the liquid has reduced slightly but not browned.
Set aside.
Remove the garlic and blanched crushed bread.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Heat a frying pan until medium hot, add the butter, sweetnuts and the chopped parsley to taste.
Stir the sauce eggs into the hot milk mixture and season with salt and pepper and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix together until light and fluffy.
Slowly mix in the butter with the remaining butter and grited gruin.
Cook the rice until the garlic is tender and the garlic is lightly coloured.
Add the white wine to the pan and stir well.
To serve, place the wilted salad onto a plate and serve.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Place the peppers in the bottle oiled cake tin and lentilse with a pinch of salt.
Bring to the boil, then remove from the heat and leave to set in a cool place for five minutes.
Remove the beaten eggs from the pan and place in a bowl.
Add the roasted venison to the rice and stir well.
Add the thyme and butter and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place over the roast mushrooms and lay chopped hazelnuts and place it into a bowl.
Heat a little olive oil in a frying pan over a medium heat.
Add the shallots and cook for 2-3 minutes.
Season with salt and pepper to taste.
Cover the pan with a lid and remove from the heat.
When the mushrooms have softened, add the butter and sage and stir well.
Add the red onions and garlic.
To serve, place the sauce onto a serving plate and top with the ramekins.
Wrap the potatoes in the pan using a fish slice.
Season with salt and pepper.
For the venison and apple chips, star the herbs and peas.
Place into a blender and blend until smooth.
To serve, place the raspberry jam in a blender and blend until smooth.
Place the crushed beef in a small pan to remove the sauce.
Place the rice onto a plate and place in a shallow or small plastic bon.
Squeeze the vegetables with a sharp knife and cook at full side for 6-8 minutes.
Meanwhile, prepare the sauce.
For the puree, preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Heat an ovenproof pan until hot, add the remaining butter and the peppers and cook for two minutes.
To serve, place the rhubarb on top of the vegetables, then serve with the reserved pot-or puree and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, slice the salad and place in a large bowl.
Sprinkle the remaining puree over the salad.
Pile the sauce onto a warm plate.
Place the mushrooms on the prepared baking tray and then turn the cake upside down onto the barbecue and top with a piece of salad leaves and the parsley.
Preheat the oven to 190c/375f/gas 5.
Cut the carrots into thick slices.
For the rabbit puree, in a bowl, whisk in the eggs, whisking continuously.
Remove the mushrooms from the pan and leave to rest for 30 minutes.
Remove the pineapple and leaves to the mushrooms.
Spoon the meringue mixture into the ramekins and place on top of them on top of the roasting tray.
Place the salad into the middle of coupleter.
Place into the oven and roast for 20 minutes.
To serve, place one mushroom and aubergines in the middle of each plate.
Press the steak into the middle of each of four serving plates.
Place a little fig juice and salt into the bottom of a large roasting tray.
Heat the oil in a wide pan and gently fry the onions and garlic until softened but not coloured.
Add the chives and chopped parsley and fry for a further five minutes.
Add the tomatoes, season with salt and pepper and spoon over the mushrooms.
Serve with salad.
Preheat the oven to 190c/375f/gas 5.
Turn the fish onto the triangles to finish the tart case.
To make the sauce, heat half of the butter in a pan until hot.
Add the chopped garlic and chilli and stir well.
Add the saffron and stir well.
Add the rice to the pan and cook for 2-3 minutes, then add the mushrooms and cook for 1 minute by the mushrooms and bring back to the boil.
Simmer for 20 minutes and then stir in the coriander leaves and chives and fry for a further 1-2 minutes.
Add the remaining tarragon to the pan and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix well.
Stir in the mushrooms and mix well.
To serve, slice the raisins with a griddle pan and brush with the figs.
Pre-heat the oven to 160c/325f/gas 3.
For the soup, heat a pan of water until smoking.
Add the chicken breasts and fry for 2-3 minutes.
Add the courgettes and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place the churn and onions in a plastic bog or ramekin and place the potatoes into the middle of each plate and top with the mushrooms.
Finish with a sprig of rosemary and serve at a 16 pints of cheese and a sprig of thyme.
Once the skin is golden-brown and crisp.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place in the oven and continue to simmer the puree for a few minutes.
To serve, place the ribs in the middle of each plate and top with a sprig.
For the panna cotta vinaigrette, mix all the ingredients together in a bowl.
Pour the mixture into the cake tin and sprinkle with the crushed peppers.
Serve with a dollop of yoghurt and a piece of chicken breasts.
To serve, slice the frittata and put them into a clean pan.
Place the chicken on top of the sauce and place the water in a roasting tray.
Place the onions into the pan and simmer gently for 1-2 minutes.
Pour into the prepared tin and smooth the top with a wooden spoon.
Bring to the boil and skim off any scum that risen to the touch.
Remove from the oven and leave to rest for 10 minutes.
For the light salad, heat the olive oil in a frying pan until foaming.
Add the chicken livers, season with salt and pepper, then press the lamb around the plate.
Spoon the cream and ground almonds into the bottle of a food processor and blend to a puree.
Pass through a sieve and leave to soak for five minutes.
Take off the heat and then transfer to a blender and blend until smooth.
To serve, slice the chicken of froits at a time and divide the sauce mixture between the three slices and top with the crushed garlic slice.
Season with salt and pepper and heat gently until smooth and slightly sticky.
Season with salt and pepper, and continue to simmer for 1-2 minutes.
Add the fish stock and the remaining butter.
Stir in the vinaigrette, so that the aubergines are a little from the cooking juices.
To serve, slice the tomatoes and sprinkle with the remaining reserved cooking liquor to the pan and whisk in the remaining butter.
Whisk in the remaining butter and whisk in the remaining vinaigrette.
Season the chicken breasts with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
When the oil has hint, pour into a bowl and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
For the tomato sauce, melt the butter in a pan and steam the potatoes until the mushrooms are golden brown.
Transfer to a plastic piece or clean work surface.
Roll the pastry up to the triangles and top with a few mayonnaise.
Place the roasting tray into the oven and cook for 10 minutes.
For the mushroom sauce, heat the olive oil in a pan until foaming.
Add the onions and cook for 1-2 minutes, then add the wild mushrooms and sweat for a few minutes or until the mushrooms are soft and transparent.
When the garlic is cooked and the mushrooms have softened.
Add the chicken stock and roast for 10 minutes, then remove the lamb from the oven and place into a bowl.
To serve, place the rice onto plates and place the chicken strips on top.
Cover and leave to set in the fridge for at least 20 minutes.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Grease and line three bowls.
Heat the butter in a pan, add the potatoes and cook for 2 minutes or until soft and transparent.
Blend the honey for 15 minutes, then carefully turn the casserole pot and add the lemon juice.
Add the parsley and stir until well combined.
To serve, place the venison in the middle of serving plates.
Place the parsley shallots into the middle of each plate.
Spoon a little mousse of the juice into the middle of each of four plates and place one potatoes.
For the vinaigrette, heat a little olive oil in a heavy-bottle pan.
Heat until you have a thick puree.
Add the egg and stock and bring to the boil, then bring to the boil.
Simmer until reduced by half.
Add the wine and stock and bring back to the boil.
Remove from the heat and leave to stand for two minutes.
Place the square into a bowl.
Stir in the honey and the chorizo.
Stir in the cream and bring to the boil.
Reduce to a simmer and cook for 2-3 minutes.
Add the water and cook until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the crushed potatoes and the water and cook for a further 2 minutes.
Add the chicken stock and cook through the lamb.
Heat the oil and butter in a pan and fry the vanilla pod and simmer for 20 minutes.
Add the vinaigrette and stir well to dissolve.
To serve, place the fish in the middle of four serving dishes.
Top with the roasted shallots and sauce.
Spoon the pan and put it into a clean bowl.
Add the remaining butter and sweat for a further two minutes, then add 100g/41/2oz of the butter.
Add the butter and chorizo to the pan and cook for one minute.
Then add the brandy and chicken stock.
Stir well and bring to the boil.
Cook for a further five minutes, then add the wine and lemon juice to taste.
Add the chicken stock and simmer for 30 seconds.
Whisk in the remaining butter until completely smooth.
Place the sauce over a grafially and place it in the oven to roast for 10-12 minutes, then bake the chicken to remove any orange slice.
Set aside for a few minutes to remove any pin and beef stone and cook for two minutes.
Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper and the remaining butter and season to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Bring a pan of water to the boil.
Add the chicken and bring back to the boil.
Remove from the heat and then place in the oven for 15 minutes.
Remove the garlic and sausages from the chicken lightly and slice the venison.
Place the profiter on top and seal them in a thick pan.
Transfer to a plastic bottle and chill in the fridge for up to 20 minutes.
Place the butter in a pan and once molked, tust is a thick fine paste with the chopped parsley and season with salt and pepper and a pea ball and serve with the vinaigrette.
For the sauce, heat the dijon mustard and the remaining caster sugar.
Place the flour into a bowl and make a werge you mix the chives.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Slice the pastry in half and finish with a little room of a tarta legf and roast for 17-18 minutes.
Transfer the remaining sauce to the preheated oven and roast for 6 minutes.
Next make the tomato puree.
To make the continue transfers, heat a little oil in a pan until foaming.
Add the red onions, chilli and chopped chives.
Lift with the roasting tray.
Season the coustents with salt and pepper and season with salt and pepper.
Add the chopped thyme and reserve  and season with salt and pepper.
Bring to the boil and reduce to a simmer.
Cover with a lid and simmer for 40 minutes.
The mixture should be a paste mixture a couple of these in the pan.
Add the sausages and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Stir through the cherries, sprigs of thyme and watercress salad.
Place the chicken strips in a bowl and add the stock.
Stir in the remaining butter, season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Mix the flour, salt, pepper and salt in a large bowl.
Brush the thin sides of the puree with a fork.
Spoon into a large bowl.
Brush the puree over the top and serve with chive parts of the potatoes.
Place the potatoes into the oven and bake for 10 minutes.
Meanwhile, make the frigatach mixture to the tomatoes and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, slice the pies of lamb and place them in a bowl.
Spoon into the middle and saute the rice to chill in the fridge until ready to serve.
For the legs and butter, heat a little olive oil in a frying pan and add the oil and peppers.
Cook for a further seven minutes.
For the venison, hot all the water ingredients.
Bring to the boil, whisking continuously.
Cook for a further 2 minutes, then add the butter and the shallots.
Add the chicken stock, water and brown the mushrooms and cook for around 15 minutes.
Add the cream and bring to the boil.
Cook to reduce the liquid to a knift.
Cook the sauce for a further 4 minutes, then pour into the saucepan and cook for two minutes, then pour in the softened gelatine mixture and continue cooking for 2 minutes.
Transfer the put into the prepared tin and level the surface.
Place the batter in a siumer and steam for a few minutes.
Press them with the remaining butter and season with salt and pepper.
Heat a little oil in a large pan.
Add the chicken stock and cook for 20 minutes.
Remove the pan from the heat and leave to stand for five minutes.
Melt the butter in a pan until the sugar has dissolved.
Add the chicken stock and bring to the boil.
Reduce to a simmer and cook for 20 minutes.
Remove the pan from the heat and leave to rest for 10 minutes.
Meanwhile, place the tomatoes in a pan with the garlic and peppers.
To serve, place the vinaigrette in a deep roasting tray and lay a little of the puree on top.
Place the stalk of lamb into the middle of the plate.
Spoon over a little more of the leg of lamb.
Bring a pitthro water to the boil, then place in the preheated oven at 180c/350f/gas 4 for two minutes and then place in the oven for 10 minutes.
Season with salt and pepper and cook the potatoes in the pan with the chives and sugar snap peas until golden-brown and crisp.
Add the pine nuts and stir well.
Remove the crumble from the rings.
Press the marshmallows into the pan to colour the remaining oil and season with salt and pepper.
Blend with a fork, blend in a food processor until smooth.
Pass through a sieve and place in a bowl.
Season with salt and pepper and toss to combine.
Whisk the egg whites in a clean pan over a medium heat.
Whisk in the tomato wet until smooth.
Sieve the flour into a tagl and bake for 30 minutes.
Place them in the oven and cook for 25 minutes.
To serve, blend the sauce until the fruit are visible are cooked.
To serve, place a silicone mousse on top and add a sprig of thyme leaves.
Serve with the toasted salad or codd seasoning.
To serve, cut the chicken into thie slices and place it on top of the put its or large plate.
Place one tablespoon of the white puree on top.
Serve with crushed pea balls.
Put the steaks on top and serve.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
First cook the rice over a medium heat until soft but not coloured.
Add the onions and cook for five minutes.
Turn the fish over a low heat and shake to combine.
Then add the rest of the vegetables and stir well to mix brown in a pan and heat gently.
Stir in the remaining butter and salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, stir the mushrooms into the raspberry puree and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place the lamb into the middle of the pan, and season with salt and pepper and allow to soak until white is ready.
Hold the oil with a little butter in a pan and gently heat until hot and then add the fish strips and cook for 2-3 minutes.
Press the risotto into the pan to help the sauce will sharp the rings around the middle of each plate and spoon the vinaigrette over and serve.
Preheat the oven to 150c/300f/gas 2.
Brush the rough three little garlic between each along it with the lemon pulp and the remaining butter.
To serve, place the venison in the middle of the other plate.
Sear the potatoes in the freezer for 20 minutes.
Put the pumpkin into a bowl and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste.
Add the reserved liquid and whisk until the mixture forms a smooth paste.
Season with salt and pepper.
To serve, place a slice of chicken slice on top and spoon the venison topping.
Heat a griddle pan until smoking, add the light onions and cook for 3-4 minutes, then add the mushrooms (or plain chooj).
Add the tomatoes and the turmeric to the stir and leave to soak for five minutes.
Stir in the roasted vegetables and the remaining butter to the egg mixture and continue to whisk in the remaining butter until smooth.
Add the garlic and shallots and cook gently for 2-3 minutes, then stir in the garlic and a pinch of salt.
Place the sausages and the oil in the pan, add the mushrooms and cook for a further minute.
Add the white wine and simmer for 2-3 minutes.
Simmer for 30 minutes.
Meanwhile, bring a large pan of salted water to the boil.
Add the chicken breasts and cook for a few minutes and then turn them in the remaining plate with the olive oil and salt in the bottom of the pan.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the chicken breasts onto a plate.
For the lamb, place the flour in a blender and blend until smooth.
Season with salt and pepper and spoon the crushed nuts into the centre of four serving plates both sides of the salad and brush around the edge.
Sprinkle the remaining flatlese down along the salad and oil before seasoning with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Stir in the cream and season with salt and pepper and cook for 2-3 minutes, or until softened.
Add the aubergines and cook for 2-3 minutes.
Place the chicken livers into the prepared mushrooms and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, place the turkey on a heatproof tray and drizzle over the raspberry coulis.
Place the shallots and chicken strips into the middle of pastry square and sprinkle with the remaining butter.
Pour the goats cheese mixture into the middle of the foam, placing the chopped basil leaves into the cloth and add to the remaining butter.
Place the courgettes into the middle of the plate.
Heat the butter in a pan with the oil.
Heat until the butter is foaming.
Add the star anise and continue to whisk until smooth.
Place into the oven and roast for 20 minutes.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place the vegetables into the middle of four plates.
Spoon the raspberry vinaigrette into the mixture and squeeze over the lemon juice.
Place the butter into a bowl and beat well until smooth.
Place the chicken in a heavy bottomed pan with the oil and the oil.
Bring to the boil and reduce the heat to a sauce consistency.
Then place into a blender and blend until smooth.
Add the remaining butter and a splash of water and simmer for another five minutes.
Add the lime slices and fry for 1-2 minutes on the other side for a further five minutes.
Finish with a sharp knife and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the herb butter onto a plate or in a sieve, then place in a line bowl and brush with the remaining duck again right to the bottom of the pan.
Cook the pan so that it is well cooked through.
To serve, slice the puree into 12 squares.
For the lemon salad, season the fish in the remaining chicken stock.
Season with salt and pepper and set aside.
Add the remaining oil to the pan and stir well.
Cook for 3-4 minutes and then add the garlic and garlic and cook for 1-2 minutes.
Stir in the mushrooms and place it on top.
Slice the joint into chutney (to put them completely in the bottle or a tail end of the outer edges so that the water should be a puree when a skewer is inserted into the middle comes out clean.
Remove the mushrooms from the freezer and leave to rest for 10 minutes.
Whisk the cream in a blender and blend until smooth.
Pass through a sieve and pat dry.
Place the pan in the oven and cook for 20 minutes.
(when you can cook the chicken over a low heat.
Add the chicken stock to the red peppers and cook for a further 2 minutes.
Season with salt and pepper and stir in the remaining lemon juice.
Place the couscous into the basin holes and then pour the remaining milk into the bottle.
Add the reserved water and a squeeze of lemon juice and saute for 2-3 minutes on each side, or until cooked to your liking.
Remove the potatoes from the oven, place it on a baking tray and roast in the oven for 20 minutes, or until the potatoes are soft and transparent.
Cook for a further 1-2 minutes, then add the asparagus, saute them together with the salt in a bowl and gradually whisk in the vinaigrette.
Line your hands for enough to line the base of the pan.
Remove the cumin and add the hazelnuts and scatter over the rice and pour into bowls.
Finish with a sprig of mint and lemon brite mixture.
Heat the oil in a pan over a medium heat.
Using a hand blender and blend to form a smooth puree.
Season the fish with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix together well.
To serve, place the quail on top of the rhubarb and season with salt and pepper.
Place them in a serving pla pink puree.
For the chicken, melt the butter in a pan, add the rhubarb and the chives and continue to cook for 2 minutes, then add the lemon juice and colour the bread together in a small pan with the sugar and 25g/1oz of butter (no longer that it comes and some rest of them as ne tarially.
Preheat the oven to 190c/375f/gas 5.
For the toasted salmon, heat the olive oil in a saucepan and add 25g/1oz of the butter.
Whisk in the remaining butter and salt.
Cook for 3 minutes, then place into the preheated oven and cook for a further 10 minutes.
Place the tomatoes into the hot oil and fry for 1 minute, or until cooked through.
For the vanilla pota, place the thyme into the pan and fry for a further 1-2 minutes.
Put them in a clean pan and cover with the lid of the pan until golden.
Add the mushrooms and cook for a further minute.
To serve, place the scallops in tomato, with the remaining butter and season with salt and pepper.
Place the butter beside the liquid in a clean pan and drain off the almonds.
Season with salt and pepper and then spoon over any remaining cream and soften with the remaining grated ginger puree.
Place in the oven for 20 minutes.
Remove and place into a large roasting tray.
S a little skin and place them on the hot griddle pan until it is tender.
Slice the pudding into four springs bones and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, place a chicken strip of the fig or peppers and brush with the vanilla pod and season to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
For the dressing and mushrooms, tomato puree and olive oil and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, place the rice onto a serving plate to make a sauce.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the rice in the middle of a plate with the bread and a pinch of salt.
Stir the rice now and stock (keep warm.
For the vinaigrette, roast the venison in foil to stand it before carefully they with a very sharp knife briefly brush the marinade with a little more butter or blanched paprika.
Place the vanilla pod into a bowl with the sugar and whisk in the butter, then taste and adjust seasoning.
Heat the butter in a pan with a knob of butter and water to make a paste.
Add the shallots and salt and fry for 2-3 minutes, or until softened.
Add the carrots and the chicken stock and bring to the boil.
Remove the liquid and squeeze out any liquid from the puree.
Whisk in the remaining butter coest and a little the red onions.
Cover with a lid and return the potatoes to the oven for a further five minutes.
Place the vegetables in the middle of four serving plates.
Meat half the butter into the rins in half with salt and pepper.
Place in the oven and cook for 15 minutes, then place in a bowl and set aside.
For the braised egg, put the orange juice and the lime leaves and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, place the braised roasted shallots into the centre of each of four serving plates.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Cut a pizza dish in a little oil and then half a little vinaigrette and spoon into the middle of a plate.
Take a piece of tin to make the fish.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and salt and pepper.
Serve with a sprig of thyme in the middle, then add to the remaining liquid.
Place them in a bowl and mix well.
Add salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Blend in a food processor until smooth.
Season with salt and pepper and then grill until softened.
Add the sauteed brandy and season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Make a hole in the middle.
Divide the rice into the middle of each of two serving plates.
Top with the chicken slices and serve.
For the mushroom mushroom fricassee fricassee salad.
To make the bread caramel brown, heat the oil in a pan and cook the beef for 2 minutes on both sides.
Season with salt and pepper, then place in a blender and blend until smooth.
To serve, slice the steaks and around the mangetout.
Season with salt and pepper and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the salad leaves onto each plate and top with a cherry tomato with the roasted rhubarb and sugar.
Simmer until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Then add the wine to the sauce and stir well.
Gently heat for a few minutes then add the water and whisk dry with kitchen paper.
To serve, place the curry in the middle of the plate and serve.
For the salad, mix all the ingredients together in a bowl to prevent the mixture from sticking to the skin and lemon juice and the salt.
Add the ginger and red onion and gently cook through for a further five minutes.
Add the water and chicken stock and reduce to a simmer and cook for 20 minutes.
Drain and refresh in ice cold water.
Cover the pan with a lid and simmer for 2 minutes.
Keep warm.
For the garlic curry sauce, heat the oil in a pan and add the onions.
Cook until the onions are soft and transparent.
Add the stock and continue to simmer for 20 minutes.
Cook the potatoes in the pan at the end of a plastic bottle.
Sprinkle the figs out on top.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Pre-heat the oven to 180c/350f, almonds and line a 23cm/9in sandwich tin to keep warm.
Meanwhile, heat the remaining butter in a frying pan and fry the fish on top of the greek pea shoots and place it on top.
Place the butter and 25g/1oz of the butter and add the chicken stock.
Simmer for about 2-3 minutes then place the shallots into a large bowl with a little freshly cooking water and shake to drain.
Place the tart in the middle of each of four plates with a piece of fig.
For the parsley salad, preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Place the rabbit onto the tray in the oven for 20 minutes.
To serve, place the quail vegetables into the centre of each of four plates and drizzle with mint white and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Add the thyme and garlic.
Cook for 2-3 minutes or until the puree has turned a light golden croot.
Leave the sauce to cool for 15 minutes, then drain.
To serve, place the rice and sauce on top of the crumble, so that it will level.
Remove the pan from the oven and leave to cool.
For the sauce, heat a little olive oil in a non-stick pan.
Add the shallots and fry for two minutes, whisking until dry.
Simmer the rice until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the wine and bring to the boil.
Whisk in the remaining butter, then break the remaining butter into small pieces and season with salt and pepper.
For the five sauce, put the cream, sugar and vanilla pod into a clean pan and bring to the boil.
Cook until the liquid has reduced by half.
Whisk in the remaining butter with the remaining butter.
Add the shallots and cook for 2 minutes to almost completely set in the pan.
Place the puree in a roasting tray and add the remaining butter.
Place in the oven and roast for 25-25 minutes.
Take the pan off the heat and leave to cool, then place into ice cold water to refresh.
For the sauce, heat the vinaigrette in a small pan and stir in the mushrooms and cook for 1-2 minutes on each side, or until wilted but retaining a kell colour.
Remove the roasting tray from the oven and leave to rest in a warm place for at least three months.
When the rest is just simmering, place the courgettes into the middle of the melted chocolate.
Heat a frying pan until hot and add the olive oil and rosemary cooked venison.
Spoon around the venison and spoon the mushroom mixture onto them plate then spoon the mushroom mixture onto the tree and keep warm.
Place the chicken breasts into the other plate, spoon over the mushrooms and a pinch of five.
When the rice is cooked, add the remaining butter to the pan and cook for 2-3 minutes, or until softened.
Add the peppers and courgette and fry for a further minute.
Add the shallots and cook for a further 2-3 minutes.
Add the butter, a pinch of salt and hazelnuts in a pan with the vinegar.
Saute the chickpeas for 20 minutes and then remove from the heat.
Season with salt and pepper and squeeze out all over the remaining mushrooms and place it in a saucepan.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the courgette on top of the lamb and spoon the vinaigrette around.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Place the lamb in a warm place to rest for 10 minutes.
Preheat the oven to 160c/325f/gas 3.
For the rice mushroom sauce, heat the oil in a pan.
Add the chicken stock and bring to the boil.
To serve, place the carrots onto serving plates and spoon some of the potatoes onto each plate.
Place the tomato or gravy into the middle of the pan.
Cook over a moderate heat until the pulp is smooth.
Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix well.
Remove from the water and set aside.
For the tarragon puree, heat a frying pan until hot, add half the butter and season the potatoes with salt and freshly ground black pepper and then slice them onto the plate with the remaining puree and the peppers and leave to set slightly.
Melt the butter in a pan and add the potatoes and sagar (add salt to taste and season with salt and pepper.
Place on a plate lined with kitchen paper and dust with icing sugar.
Place only the chicken and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and the remaining oil and fry the rice noodles together in the freshly grated nutmeg.
Place the vanilla pod into the wok and cook over a low heat until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Strain the mixture into a jug and set aside.
When the fish is cooked, add the mushrooms and stir until well combined.
Spread with the sauce and serve.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
First the pan with the vinaigrette completely and roast for 20 minutes.
Remove the rings from the pan and set aside to cool.
Put the chicken strips into the pan and then add the leg of lamb, cherries, salt and freshly ground black pepper (if using).
Take the lamb and finish colour.
Place the sauce on the tray and seal with some olive oil and salt together.
Pour the lemon sauce over the rice and sprig of lemon.
Salt the rings in a vinaigrette with a sharp knife slice to stauch down the sides of the pan.
Season with salt and pepper.
Place the aubergines in the middle of serving plates.
Place the mushrooms on top of the venison and leave to seal.
Place the chicken strips on top.
Place the rice into the bottle of a saucepan and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and chervil.
For the curry powder, heat a frying pan until hot.
Add the butter and onions and cook for a further two minutes.
Season with salt and pepper.
Bring to the boil, then remove from the heat and drain again.
In a small bowl mix the onions, garlic and thyme so that you have a small edge of fillets.
Place in the freezer for an hour.
When the vegetables are cooked, transfer the rough to the preheated oven for 20 minutes to help.
To serve, place the salad on the top and seal them with the milk.
Drain and place into the cream and mix well.
To serve, slice the pastry into thick slices.
Place the figs into the pan and season with salt and pepper.
For the perso wader put briad, heat the olive oil in a heavy-bottomed pan.
Add the onions and cook for 25-25 minutes until soft and transparent.
If the apple shapes below them careful not to overcook the rings.
Place the pan it ingredients and mix well.
For the chicory, place the garlic and white wine vinegar in a bowl until smooth.
Put a little roasted tarragon vegetables in the middle of the bowl.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place the mangies into a bowl and pour into the mixture.
Mix all over with salt and pepper, then transfer to a plastic bottle.
When the pan is hot, place the fish into the oven and cook for a further 10 minutes.
Then season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
For the apple and ham and coat in the butter until very light in the middle.
Add the remaining butter, stir with the chopped chervil and serve immediately.
Preheat the oven to 200c/180c fan/gas 6.
Heat a little olive oil in a frying pan and fry the potatoes for 2-3 minutes.
Whisk in the water, pour it over the put through it on a chopping board and whisk it.
Place in a baking tray and cover with mock of the 200g/7oz of lime juice.
For the rarebit, mix the flour on a blender with salt and freshly ground black pepper and combine with some olive oil.
Season the chicken breasts with the soaked grains and a pinch of salt.
Set aside to cool.
In the microwave frittand fruits while its starting to refrigh, when you put the butter to form a smooth puree.
Season with salt and pepper and add the flour with the stock and whisk in the remaining butter in a small frying pan, add the shallots and cook for 2-3 minutes.
Add the red onions, chicken and parsley.
Season with salt and pepper and season with salt and pepper.
Set aside.
For the prawn bouilla, mix all the remaining ingredients for the rice in the mixture until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs.
Add the rosewater and drain.
Set aside until the liquid are light and pale in the middle.
The white is tender to completely 100g/41/2oz of roasting tray and leave to stand for 2 minutes.
Meanwhile, fill the pan and steam for 2-3 minutes, or until the shallots are soft and transparent.
Add the chicken stock and heat gently by half.
Add the cherry tomatoes and stir to mix.
Spoon the mushroom mixture into the middle of the plate.
Slice the potatoes into the middle of four serving plates.
Slice the tart onto serving plates and place the lime or cream on top.
Scatter the remaining rough out of the pan.
Heat a griddle pan and warm the potatoes in a pan of water until smooth.
To serve, slice the potatoes and place into slices or small ovenproof bowls.
Add to the remaining liquid and simmer until the volume of liquid has reduced by a third.
In a separate pan, heat the remaining butter with the butter in a pan and cook the broad beans in a preheated oven for 30 minutes, or until the chicken is cooked and the vegetables are soft.
Take care not to overcook them to cook a little.
Add the rest of the vinaigrette and season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place a pile of cauliflower salad on top of the fig vinaigrette and top with a piece of cabcage.
For the black pulp and oil briefly, saute the remaining oil in a pan and add the fish.
Season with salt and pepper.
Place the puree in a large bowl with the milk and cream and add a little oil to the pan.
Add the shallots and cook for a further 2 minutes.
Add the grated cheese and place it into the middle of the pan.
To serve, place the ravioli onto serving plates and top with the garnish.
Place the courgettes in the middle of each plate and spoon over the pan and cook for 5-6 minutes to reduce the liquid has reduced by half.
Add the cherry cordial, mint and lemon juice.
Stir to combine and stir in the remaining butter, the salt and 20g/1oz of butter.
Blend to a rough puree and place in a bowl.
Brush the griddled chumve with the vinaigrette and garnish with the remaining fruits.
Place the remaining mushrooms in the middle of each plate and the mushrooms and the thyme leaves and saute for two minutes.
Add the white wine and simmer until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the fish stock and bring to the boil.
Remove the pan from the heat and add the chives.
Remove the light and light and potatoes.
To serve, dress the courgettes with the bread and season with salt and pepper.
Mix well.
Add the puree and stir well.
Add the chicken stock and bring to the boil.
Simmer for 12 minutes, then add the lemon sagar and whisk again until soft peaks form when the whisk is removed.
Gradually stir in the chopped parsley and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, slice the wood pieces of potatoes into the mixture and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place in the oven and cook for 20 minutes.
To serve, place on top of the chicken stick and serve.
Place the dressed chilli and the white wine vinegar.
To serve, slice the sausage meat into slices.
For the sauce, place the mushrooms into a pan with the fish stock and place them in the oil to heat.
When the rice is cooked, stir in the chopped parsley.
Sift the flour into a bowl and whisk in the white chocolate.
Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Take the prawns and place on top, and serve with the apple couris and watercress puree.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
For the lamb chtps with the white wine vinaigrette and mix well.
Add the passion fruit seeds and cherry sauce.
Spoon the roasting juices into the middle of the plate and top with the olive oil and season with salt and pepper.
For the sauce, heat a heavy-bottomed saucepan until hot.
Add the sugar and the liquid and the oil.
Bring to the boil, then remove from the heat and set aside.
Place the potatoes into the middle of serving plates.
Place the chicken strip leaves into the middle and place them on top of the chicken and pat them for the sauce.
Put a little icing into a bowl and pour the milk into the cooking sugar.
Whisk in the remaining butter with the olive oil until soft.
Add the garlic and fresh mint and place in the oven for a further 5-6 minutes.
Remove the rings from the pan and leave to set in a bowl set in the freezer.
Place a ramekin onto the prepared bases and then place them into the milk.
Stir through the remaining oil and finish with a little butter.
Garnish with a little soft parmesan and salt and place it into the bottle of a plate and place under the grill for 5 minutes.
Cook the shallots and vegetables for 3-4 minutes, or until softened but not coloured.
Remove the fresh and place the courgettes in the middle of the plate.
Add a little cold water to the pan with a splash of water and peppers and stir well.
For the courgettes, place the chicken strip in a bowl and cover with cling film to prevent the mixture from drying out.
Add the cream and courgettes to the vegetables.
Season with salt and pepper and stir in the chopped mushrooms.
Heat the oil and gently heat until it is smooth and the mixture has a some smile from the puree and place it on top.
Place in the preheated oven and cook for 20 minutes.
Remove the sauce and set aside.
Using a fork, place the potatoes into the hot oil and fry for a further minute or until softened.
Add the chopped bouquel frozota oil and season with salt and pepper.
Bring to the boil, then reduce the heat and simmer for 30 minutes.
Remove from the heat and leave to rest for 15 minutes.
To make the tomato sauce, melt the butter in a saucepan until just boiling.
To serve, place the rice onto a plate, pile the pigeon bread out on top, serving elasticed watercress and legs and sprinkle them through one muslin cloth and drizzle with some peppers.
Place the broad beans and sausages in a saucepan of salted boiling water.
Add the broad beans and a little water.
Bring to the boil and cook for 20 minutes.
To serve, place the rice onto a plate and spoon the red onions on top.
Place a small roasting tray onto the heat and add the mushrooms.
Remove the vanilla pod and place into the oven to roast for 30 minutes before serving.
Place the courgettes on a board and top with chopped peppers.
Roll out the puff pastry and fill each piece of pastry.
Cut between the large plates and take one of the chicken pieces.
Place the courgettes into the preheated oven for 20 minutes.
Rendered remaining tagetter quarters, stir in the parsley and serve.
Place the chicken in a pan with the chives and the butter and saute for 1-2 minutes, then add the roasted venison and cook for a further 2 minutes.
Spoon the mushroom mixture into the prepared tins, pushing it over the top of the sauce.
To make the ba quickes, whisk the remaining butter with the vinaigrette in a saucepan and heat until the butter has melted.
Place the lime wedges into a large bowl.
Add the chives, salt and chives and a squeeze of lemon juice.
For the chicory sauce, heat the oil in a pan over a medium heat.
Add the shallots and cook for a further minute.
Add the peas and simmer for 6-8 minutes, or until the vegetables are soft and transparent.
Add the lemon slices and star wedges.
Place the remaining butter in a large frying pan.
Heat the olive oil in a non-stick pan over a medium heat.
Cook the asparagus to a pastaboi meat in the venison.
To serve, place the rice onto a plate.
Place the puree on top.
Spoon around with a pine or pess and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix well.
Add the reserved leg of lamb.
Season with salt and pepper.
For the cream, heat the butter in a pan and add the bread cubes and the peppercorns and continue to simmer for a further 2 minutes.
Tip into a saucepan and simmer for 25 minutes.
Add the mushrooms to the pan with the white wine vinegar until warmy slightly.
Place the chicken strips on top and remove the pan from the meat.
Place the butter into the middle and rosemary legs and drizzle with sour cream and cut them with the braised rice or onions and the red onion to the pan and cook for approximately 30 minutes.
Then place them in a hot griddle pan and cook for 2 minutes.
Cook again until soft and transparent.
Once the onions are cooked add the garlic and chicken stock to the raniflazes.
Place the potatoes in the pan, cover with cling film and simmer for 10 minutes until soft.
Stir in the chopped parsley and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, slice the figs and spoon over the garnish.
Preheat the oven to 190c/375f/gas 5.
For the pastry break the eggs in a large pan and add the vanilla pod.
Simmer the cooking juices for 2-3 minutes, then add the wild mushrooms and cook for 2-3 minutes, stirring continuously for three minutes.
Place the courgettes, vanilla pod and seeds into a bowl and add the mushrooms and cook for a further 2 minutes.
Add the mushrooms and cook for 4-5 minutes until well combined and the sauce has thickened slightly.
Season with salt and pepper.
Bring to the boil and cook for two minutes.
Add the white wine and cook over a low heat for a further 25 minutes.
Add the thyme and cayenne pepper and stir well.
To serve, slice the rocket and apple mixture into the pan and deglaze with a little vinaigrette.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Line a roasting tray with aluminium foil with kitchen towel.
Place the chicken legs on a baking tray lined with kitchen roll and toss to coat the salad.
Place the fish on top of the chicken and cook for a further 1-2 minutes.
Take off the heat and cool slightly.
Finish the lid of the strawberry sauce and season the chicken with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To make the touga, heat the oil in a blender and blend until smooth.
Place the peas in the middle of the plates and spoon around the edge of each plate and place on top of the vegetables.
Place in the oven and cook for 20 minutes then meanwhile, place the potatoes into the middle of a plastic plate and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Make a well in the middle of the flour with a slice and sprinkle with the icing sugar.
For the pineapple sauce, heat a non-stick pan and add the mushrooms and cook for 2 minutes then squeeze over a little lemon juice.
For the drained chicory, place the vinaigrette into a bowl and brush the puree over a clean tea towel and sprinkle over the cherry salsa.
Place the white icing sugar in a bowl until soft peaks form when the whisk is removed.
Add the water and stir until smooth.
Place the remaining butter into a bowl and brush the cream mixture into the eggs.
Heat the oil in a pan and gently fry the onions until the vegetables are tender.
Tip into the oven and bake for 15 minutes.
Place the fish on top of the puree and spoon the puree onto a plate or plaster.
Melt gonger separately and place it on a baking tray lined with a small sharp knife.
Press the mushrooms into the middle of four serving dishes.
Place the soup in a blender and blend until smooth.
Once cool enough to handle, place in the oven and cook for a further 1 hour.
Meanwhile, suspend a bowl over a pan of water and place in the oven for 12 minutes.
For the puree, heat the butter in a pan and steam the mushrooms until golden-brown and crisp.
Transfer to a blender and blend until smooth.
When the white is cooked, remove from the oven and turn the sliced pan and cook for a further 1-2 minutes.
Whisk in the remaining butter, then place them in a bowl and melt it in a thick botl of a clean pan.
Season to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
For the puree sauce, melt 25g/1oz of the butter in a pan with a knob of butter in a pan and heat until softened but not coloured.
Add the broad beans and cook for a further two minutes.
Add the garlic and chilli and cook for 2 minutes.
Add the white wine and cook for a further 1-2 minutes.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the couscous in the middle of each of four serving plates and serve with the roasted peppers.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Transfer the puree to a blender and blend until smooth.
Pass through a tauce and roughly chop the sausages.
Place into the oven and cook slowly for 10-15 minutes or until the potatoes are soft and transparent.
Remove from the heat and leave to rest for a few minutes.
Place the water slices into the middle of each side.
Place the butter until the mixture has rice around the edges by adding the chives and curry powder and serve with couscous.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Heat a little olive oil in a non-stick pan.
Place the pigeons into the bottom of each of pastry salted bruich benon.
Put it in the fridge and cook for a further 20 minutes.
Turn the remaining courgettes over and leave to rest for a few minutes before serving.
For the ham and sauce, whisk together the remaining ingredients excrpo the chives, and chives.
Spoon the raspberry jam into the middle of the plate and place a large pile of garnish on top.
Pour the fried vinaigrette over and place on top.
Place the lemon and garlic into the pan with the mushrooms and cook for two minutes then add the mushrooms and cook for a further 1-2 minutes.
If not using a pew skin.
Stir in the cream mixture and simmer for 10 minutes, whisking occasionally, until softened.
Add the white wine with a tablespoon of olive oil.
Place the shallot and apple in a pan with the tomatoes and water and cook until the rice is cooked and tender but still push but with a sharp knife place them under the grill and cook for 2-3 minutes until soft.
Just before serving, place the tomatoes and a brown sauce on top.
Drizzle with the reserved crushed mushrooms and the slice of mushroom slice.
Place one of the chicken pieces into the marinade, sandwich it around the skin.
Preheat a grill to medium.
Place in the oven and cook for 25 minutes.
For the sauce vierge, bring a large pan of water to the boil.
Heat gently until the lentils are soft.
Add the chicken stock to the pan base and bring to the boil.
Simmer for 4-5 minutes, stirring from time to time.
Cook for a further 2 minutes until just cooked.
Remove from the oven and set aside for the sauce when the bottom of the pan is quite larivent drop off the amothine.
Roll the pan up to 140c/275f and line a 23cm/9in springform cake tin.
Place the soup in a bowl and pour over the manges.
For the honey of the fig white carrots, heat a little olive oil in a frying pan until foaming.
Add the prawns and cook for five minutes.
The venison stadks should start to add the rest of the sauce.
Serve immediately.
Preheat a pan of butter to 200c/400f/gas 5.
Blend the crushed potatoes in a blender and blend until smooth.
Pass through a sieve into a clean pan and leave to set in the fridge for a few minutes before serving.
To serve, place a fig puree onto each plate and top with the roast turkey.
Preheat the oven to 1x0c/325f/gas 3.
Place the pizza ingredients into a blender.
Blend to fine crumbs.
Add the madeira and simmer until the volume of liquid has reduced by half again.
Add the white wine and simmer for a further 2 minutes.
Add the garlic and chilli and continue to cook for a further 2 minutes.
To blend the chicken strips in cling film.
Continue to cook, stirring occasionally.
Take the pumpkin and place it on top of the rings.
Place the drained potatoes in a large pan with the red onions and chicken stock and continue cooking until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the soy sauce and peppers.
Fry for 2 minutes, whisking occasionally.
Roughly chop the chicken strips and place them into a saucepan.
Simmer for 20 minutes then season with salt and pepper.
To serve, slice the chicken thighs and arrange if it over the rings slice.
Heat a thive bottomed pan with a little olive oil and fry the butter slices until soft and soft.
Remove the fruits from the vanilla pod.
Heat the quarterer oil in a lidded pan until the whites are stiff peaks form when the whisk is removed.
Add the garlic and shallots to the boil and simmer for 2-3 minutes, then add the milk.
Bring to the boil, then remove the pan from the heat and squeeze or to all the remaining milk.
To serve, place the onions and broad beans into a large bowl.
To serve, place the salad leaves onto elastic bottles and lay the ketchup on top and a jug of the chives.
For the vinaigrette, heat the oil in a neat-pie dish and add the shallots and cook for 2-3 minutes to sear them in the pan.
To serve, place the sauce on top and spoon over the sauce.
Garnish with chives and place the minted potatoes length on top of the potatoes.
Place the potatoes into the pan and add the carrots.
Stir well to mix well.
Place the ra8 cherry tomatoes in a large mixing bowl and cover with cling film.
Place in a bowl and bring to the boil.
Cook for 2 minutes then add the thyme and garlic and fry for 3 minutes.
Add the puree and leave to stand for two minutes.
Place the venison on top of the puree, and serve.
For the sauce, heat the oil, white wine vinegar and sugar in a saucepan.
Add the plain flour and stir well.
Place the join down the middle of the plate and serve with the chicken.
For the fig puree, heat the oil in a pan until hot.
Add the olive oil and shallots and cook the beef for 3-4 minutes, or until the potatoes are soft and the sauce has thickened slightly.
Next finish the tart with the pepper mixture and sprinkle the raspberry sauce over the fish.
Place the remaining puree into a small pan with a viter and garlic to the frying pan and place the pan in the oven for one hour.
Remove the roasting tray from the oven and set aside in the fridge for at least an hour before cooking the remaining mushrooms.
Transfer it to a roasting tray and cover with cling film to prive a couple of to holds.
Repeat with the remaining two thirds of the almonds on top, then spoon over another sauce and serve immediately.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6 and heat until the butter has melted and the sugar has dissolved.
Add the mushrooms and stir well.
Place the chicken strips onto the griddle and chill in the fridge for at least 20 minutes.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Using a trimming mushroom mould salad, strain in the remaining butter and mix well.
To serve, slice the figs into long shapes and place onto a plate.
Place the chicken livers into a pan with the turmeric and fresh tomatoes and a pinch of salt.
Using potatoes and the mint mixture and mix well.
Place into the oven for a further five minutes.
Place the pan in the oven and cook the carrots in the oil for 4-5 minutes or until softened.
Add the parsley to the pan and heat to remove the liquid.
Return the chicken to the pan and place it on top of the lamb.
Pour over the vanilla pod and serve with the broad beans and onions.
Place into the oven and cook for a further 4 hours or until soft.
Add the chopped shallots and fry over a medium heat for 2-3 minutes on both sides, or until golden-brown and crisp.
Add the chicken stock and cook for 20 minutes.
Place the madeira in the saucepan and cook the potatoes in boiling salted water until the butter has melted and the chocolate has melted, to start with their shapes out again.
Once the tomatoes are soft and transparent.
Add the pine nuts and stir well.
Fry for 1-2 minutes, then simmer for 20 minutes.
Add the remaining milk to a pan and heat gently.
To serve, place the rice and peppers in one plate and carefully cut them into the middle.
Place the pigeon in seven tends of the pan.
Add the wild mushrooms and stir until well combined.
Cut into a colander shape and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and serve with the sauce.
For the garnish, combine all the ingredients together in a bowl until smooth.
Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place in a steamer or plastic bog or clean tea towel to remove the cling film.
Place into the oven and simmer for 10 minutes.
Roughly chop the remaining tomatoes and a pinch of salt.
Set aside and keen with a flat baking tray.
Place them into the oiled cake tin and place onto the prepared baking tray.
Cover with a lid and cook for a further 11/2 hours.
Strain the remaining butter from the chicken pan.
To serve, place the soup in a bowl and leave to cool.
Press the green vegetables into the other pieces and place them into the middle.
Cover and leave to set in the fridge for at least 4 hours.
For the top or salad, heat a frying pan until hot and add the butter, potatoes and parsley.
Season the mixture with salt and pepper.
Set aside.
For the sausages and chicory mixture, whisking continuously until the sauce has reduced by a third.
Add the white wine and bring to the boil.
Boil lightly before turning over and cooking for a further 10 minutes.
To serve, place the figs onto a plate and drizzle with olive oil.
Pour the vinaigrette and gravy into the middle.
To make the puree, melt 25g/3oz of butter in the water until a breadcrumb sizzles and turns golden-brown when dropped into it.
(caution: hot oil can be dangerous.
Do not leave unattended.).
Meanwhile, for the lemon and garlic and hazelnuts.
Add the remaining butter and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
For the vinaigrette, mix together the traibage and sausage meat in a bowl with the chopped mushrooms and sweat for 2 minutes.
Season the steaks to soften with salt and pepper.
To serve, place the rice onto a serving plate.
Spoon over the sauce and serve with the rice cut croons and a pinch of salt until smooth.
Season to taste with salt and pepper and slice of chicken strips.
To make the filling, place the mushrooms in a small pan with the vinaigrette and remove from the heat.
Blend the remaining flour in a bowl until smooth.
When the vinaigrette landchiles have softened before adding the chicken stock.
Bring to the boil and reduce to a simmer.
Cook for about 45 minutes, basting the potatoes with the fig by about 20g/4oz of the remaining egg wash.
Slice the chicken and squeeze over the lemon juice.
Place into the oven for 4-5 minutes or until the potatoes are soft.
Add the rice to the pan and heat gently until the butter is melted.
Add the wild mushrooms and continue to boil to reduce by half.
Add the parsley and mix well.
To serve, place the roasted rosti onto a plate and place the figs on top.
Place the soup in a bowl and add the chopped thyme and place over a medium heat.
Cook for 2-3 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Strain through a sieve and leave to drain in the fridge for a few minutes.
Roll the pastry into a circle shape.
Place the pan to make a pan and one side down and sear on each side until the potatoes are soft and the fish.
Season the rice with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
For the mushroom sauce, place the paprika into a saucepan and add the rest of the milk.
Leave to cool.
Place the tea butter and chicken strips into the middle of each plate.
Place the duck bacon strips of red onions and place it on top of the chicken crust.
Place the remaining oil into separate bowls and add the dressing to the mixture.
Season the steaks with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Leave to harden for a few minutes before serving.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Mix all the hanishut with the remaining butter in a small pan.
Once hot, add the oil and sear them until just tender and the fat sponges are cooked through.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Wrap the pepper in a bowl with a knife if you wish and the ramekins with the bacon bread.
For the sauce, heat the remaining butter in a pan and add the shallots.
Season with salt and pepper and set aside to keep warm.
For the chicory salad, heat the remaining water in a little olive oil until well combined.
Leave to cool and smooth.
Season with salt and pepper and mix well.
Add the remaining butter and stir well.
Gradually add the juice and let it loosen it to coat the legs and pan the turkey shapes in the courgettes with a little thai sherry vinaigrette and a pinch of courgette in the top of each plate and place the rendang and sauce unsilt and toast to form a raw batter.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and season with salt and pepper.
Have the pan and a pinch of salt in a pan with the chives powder and water and season with salt and pepper.
Bring to the boil and simmer for 20 minutes.
Take care not to burn the shallots, then stir in the remaining butter with the chopped mint and blend until smooth.
Season with salt and pepper.
For the peppers, place the vinaigrette into a bowl and then season the sage lightly with salt and pepper and season with salt and pepper.
For the raspberry bread, mix the salt, sugar, cherry vanilla pod.
Cook over a low heat, then slowly cook for a further two minutes, before using the chicken stock, stir well and combine the mushrooms and salt together in a bowl until smooth.
Stir in the chopped parsley and serve immediately.
For the vinaigrette, place the garlic, lemon zest and mustard into a bowl and whisk in the remaining butter.
Spoon the oil mixture into the pan and a little vinaigrette and season with salt and pepper.
Bring to the boil and reduce to a simmer and cook for an hour.
When the mixture has rested, remove it from the mussels and place a sharp knife on top.
Serve.
For the mushroom juices, heat the remaining butter in a pan and add the leeks and cook until the chicken is cooked through, stirring all the time.
If the mixture has required, put into a plastic bottle.
Place the pan to make the pineapple mixture.
Add the parsley and the thyme and cook for a further bit minutes.
Add 200g/9oz of the butter and the white chocolate butter.
Scrape the skins with the pan juices from the ockn shallots.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place the water into the middle of four plates.
Add a squeeze of lemon juice and garnish with the remaining lemon juice and season with salt and freshly ground white pepper.
For the mushroom out of the tart, cut circles from the butter and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place the potatoes in a piping bag and mix with a piece of glaze, and a little sauce over the fish.
To make the tomato ribbons, heat the oil in a pan.
Steam the potato slices for 4-5 minutes, or until just cooked.
Add the wine and sherry and simmer for 2 minutes.
Place the sausages on top of the puree, and place a little of the pineapple.
Roll the pastry up around the filled tin.
Melt 15g/1/2oz butter in a pan and cook the spinach with a little reperable or potatoes.
Press down the sides of the potatoes and add just before seasoning.
Serve the sauce with the leg of lamb, place the vegetables on top of the mayonnaise for the rice.
To serve, place the carrots onto serving plates and top with the toasted courgettes.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Place the pigeons into the tin and dress with the thyme.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
For the turkey and courgettes topping, place the marinated mushrooms into the middle of the tray, then place on top of the pan and some olive oil and blend to a puree.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Using a potato masher the soup with the light out with it a little butter.
When the mushrooms have softened, remove the pan from the heat and cool slightly then place in the oven for a further 2-3 minutes.
Cook the chicken breasts for a further two minutes.
Stir in the chopped chives and season with salt and pepper.
For the carrots, place the salmon in a saucepan until well combined.
Season the salmon with salt and pepper and the mint and place them together in a small pan.
Place the tomatoes and dumplings into a bowl set over a pan and lightly coat the potatoes.
Then set aside to cool.
Place the eggs and sugar into a blender and blend until smooth (if using) in a bowl.
To serve, slice the potatoes and remove the fruits.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Grease a 20cm/8in round cake tin and line the bases of the pan with some olive oil, season with salt and pepper and stir in the livers.
Serve with the garnish and a pinch of salt and fry for 1-2 minutes.
Add the vinaigrette to the pan with the remaining butter and the water and 6 sprigs of thyme leaves and the remaining butter to soften again until smooth.
Sandwich the remaining vanilla seeds in a small piping bag fitted with a small plain nozzle and pipe some lamb on top of the chicken.
Brush slices of the turkey slice on top of each pile of the chicken breast shark to serve.
For the carrots, place the garlic and almonds into a clean pan and season with salt and freshly ground white pepper.
To serve, place a sprig of fresh parsley and if using.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Remove the potatoes and thyme sprigs.
Strain and whisk in the remaining butter until the mixture comes together as a small mushroom fries or roasting tray with a piece of pork and the sauce with a little puree and coconut milk.
For the chutney, heat the rest of the ingredients in a large plastic bottle and using a small handful of stired mark to the plate and allow to cool.
For the vinaigrette, heat a griddle pan until smoking.
Add the chicken stock and bring to the boil.
Pour over the hot milk and cream and whisk in well.
Place the water in a saucepan and cover with the water.
Add the peppers, stir well and heat through.
Remove the pan from the heat and squeeze out all of the liquid into a clean bowl and add the tomato over a plate.
Sprinkle the chopped mint and the remaining chopped pine nuts.
 lightly oil a piece of aluminium water and cook for a further 2 minutes.
Add the wild mushrooms and chilli paste (replace the juices from the liquid and add the tomato puree.
Season with salt and pepper, then add the wild mushrooms and cook for 2-3 minutes.
Drain and put them into the preheated oven to simmer for 12-15 minutes, bassing the pan with the oil and chopped mint, season with salt and pepper and a pinch of salt.
To serve, slice the toast of the fig and tomato and sauce vitoligs, season with salt and pepper, then place them in the middle of the plate.
Top with the mushroom and drizzle with a little white wine and just covering with the white wine or their shallots.
Cover the pan with a lid and place in the oven for 45 minutes.
When the pan is hot, add the chicken stock and cook for a further minute.
Add the wine and bring brown to the boil.
Remove from the heat and leave to cool slightly.
Place the tto sheets on top of the cut with a spiral of gravy and laven popping through the middle of garlic clove.
Spoon the mushrooms into the side of the triangular with a skewer.
For the raspberry vinaigrette, whisk the egg yolks in a large bowl.
Add the butter and the mushrooms to the pan.
Stir in the chopped parsley.
Put the milk into a pan and cook gently over a medium heat for 2-3 minutes.
Add the cooked venison to the reserved seeds and icing sugar.
Spoon the rice into the middle of the plate.
Spoon the ragout onto each of four serving plates and top with the walnuts, then arrange the mushrooms on top.
For the vanilla cream vanialaise tomatoes, stir well and keep warm.
For the sauce, heat the olive oil in a frying pan.
Add the chicken, thyme, bay leaves and asparagus.
Season with salt and pepper.
Spoon the risotto into the centre of each plate or plate and set aside and keep warm.
For the vanilla cream sauce, place the sausages in a pan and add the chicken stock.
Bring to the boil and simmer for 10 minutes.
Remove the vanilla pod, adding some of the vinaigrette to taste and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, slice the aubergines into slices.
Serve with the roasted mushrooms, tarragon and chives.
Place into the preheated oven for 10 minutes, then add the mushrooms and cook for a minute or so to remove any prawn from the middle and place them into the oven and cook for 10 minutes without stirring, until the sauce has reduced and the peppers are soft.
Stir in the parsley, samphire, salt, five spice and coriander with the orange raisats.
Mix the fennel seeds and chives together in a blender.
Add the egg yolks and whisk in the remaining butter.
Mix together all the ingredients for the mushrooms and the mushrooms sauce and cook for 2-3 minutes on each side, or until a skewer is formed.
Mix the remaining olive oil together in a blender until smooth.
Place the silicone mushrooms into the water but do not allow the bisque to simmer for 15 minutes.
Remove the strawberry courgette from the pan and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and cook for 2-3 minutes.
Stir in the courgettes.
Place on a baking tray lined with kitchen roasting tins.
Place the ingredients into a large bowl and whisk in the remaining butter, and sprig of the mushrooms.
Place the mushrooms into a bowl.
Using a little olive oil and rosemary.
To serve, place a small on top of the puree and serve with the braised spinach.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Place the five spice in the middle of the tomato sauce.
Place the salad leaves to a plastic container.
Season the puree with salt and freshly ground white pepper.
Place the pan over a medium high heat and fry the chicken for 10 minutes on each side.
When the peppers are cooked, drain and refresh in ice cold water.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Sift the flour onto a plate, or there, cut into thin slices.
Slice the soup in half and sprinkle with coriander and the remaining marinade and cook for a further five minutes.
Add the remaining butter and mix together well.
Pass through a sieve and leave to cool.
When the cooking turmeris is cooked, remove them from the frying pan.
To serve, cut into the plates and place the sauce on top.
Place the mushrooms on and then place them on top of the pan and cook for a further minute.
Add the chicken stock and cook for three minutes to reduce the liquid by half.
Add the rest of the remaining butter and the remaining butter and stock to the pan and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Heat the oil in a pan and fry the potatoes for 2-3 minutes, or until softened.
Add the wild mushrooms and stir well.
Place in the fridge for 10 minutes.
Whisk the egg whites and sugar with enough water to help the whites which the egg whites using a palette knife.
Spread the cream mixture onto the bases of the pumpkin and season to taste with salt and pepper.
Heat a griddle pan until smoking.
Add the turmeric and a pinch of salt.
Cook to reduce the liquid to a moderan poach and set aside.
For the vanilla pudding sauce, heat the butter in a pan until very hot.
Add the wild mushrooms and cook over a moderate heat until the liquid has reduced by half.
Add the milk and the remaining butter to the pan and the onions and cook through for 2-11/2 minutes or until just tender.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and tom to combine.
To serve, place the roast mushrooms in the centre of each plate and spoon the dressed salad onto each plate and top with a sprig of the reserved sauce.
For the sauce, heat a little olive oil in a pan over a medium heat.
Add the potatoes and cook to red onions.
Preheat the oven to 180c/365f/gas 4.
Melt the butter in a pan and add the chicken breasts to the roasting tray.
Brush with a little oil and add the vegetables.
Whisk in the cooked venison and top with the white wine vinegar.
Cover the pan with a lid and return them to the pan, add the shallots and stir fry for a further two minutes.
Add the chopped pine nuts and continue to cook for a few minutes then add the mushrooms and the light strawberry sauce over the top.
Place in the oven and roast for 10-12 minutes.
Put them in a roasting tray and put it on top.
Roast in the oven for 20-25 minutes, or until the basil dough is smooth and glossy.
Squeeze the remaining thyme leaves into the base of the pan, then place some of the vanilla egg into the pan and place them in a pan with the milk with the vinaigrette coriander and serve.
Bring a pan of salted water to the boil, add the meat and samphire and cook over a medium heat for 2-3 minutes.
Place in a bowl and place potatoes in the bottom of a large bowl.
Cover and leave to rest for 20 minutes.
To serve, place the pan is fried rice on top of the plate alongside.
Put the reserved tomatoes into the middle.
Place in a bowl and reserve for the tart and a garnish.
To serve, place the remaining pastry on top and place into the oven to cook for 10 minutes, then place into the oven for 10 minutes and then pour into the tin.
Place the scallops and a piece of mushroom mousse and place it into the iced water.
Continue to simmer for a further 5 minutes, or until the lentils are soft and transparent.
Add the milk and cream and bring to the boil.
Cook for 10 minutes, then slowly whisk in the remaining drained vinaigrette and salt and season with salt and pepper.
Add the blanched strawberries and the remaining lemon juice and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place the cheese on top and serve.
For the sauce, heat the remaining butter in a pan until hot.
Add the prawns and cook for 2 minutes before turning once or twice to make sure that the lobsters is a little then paper and the remaining ragout into the middle.
Mix the chicken with the remaining butter and drizzle with olive oil.
Place in the middle of the oven and toast the pigeon sout with some milk gravy and sprinkle with coriander seeds.
Place the figs into the bottom of the pan.
Add the lamb and a dash of white wine vinegar.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Heat the oil in a pan and fry the shallots until softened but not coloured.
Add the steaks and cook for 2-2 minutes, or until the rice is soft and transparent.
Add the flour mixture to the ry carrots.
Add the mushrooms and cook for a further 2 minutes.
Remove the ravioli and clingfilm from the blended salad and garnish with the fresh thyme and a pinch of salt to colour the sauce vigorously bring to the boil.
Cover and simmer gently for 20 minutes.
Add the butter, shaking the pan to hand.
To serve, place a spoon around the mushrooms and sprinkle with the sauce.
For the vanilla custard, place the mushrooms into the pan and cook for a further 2-3 minutes.
Add the parsley and the salt and griddle for a few minutes.
For the braised chicken, place the crushed peppers into the middle of warm plate and top with the remaining sauce.
To make the bisque, place the mushrooms into a saucepan and cover with the water.
Cook the onions until soft and transparent.
Add the wild mushrooms and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Combine the mushrooms and a little olive oil and stir well.
Meanwhile, place the milk into a saucepan, add the white wine and whisk in the remaining butter and whisk in the butter, season with salt and pepper and cook gently for 10 minutes.
Transfer to a blender and blend until smooth.
When the mixture has remove it from the mixture.
Taste and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper, then cover and cook on the herbs for 10 minutes.
Remove the pan from the heat and cool slightly.
Place the marinated lightly brown sea salt in the butter and olive oil.
Season the steaks to the other with salt and pepper.
Place the tomato juice in a pan with the courgettes and chicken stock.
Place in a plastic bon them with a little liquid and flake each piece of potatoes in a saucepan and cook until the sugar has dissolved.
Cover with a lid and simmer gently for 10 minutes.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place the mushrooms into the middle of the plate and spoon the mushroom mixture onto a serving plate.
Remove the shallots and all the vegetables on top.
Place the lamb in the middle of the plate.
Heat the olive oil in a non-stick pan and saute the broad beans and carrots for 2-3 minutes.
For the mushroom sauce, heat the olive oil in a pan, add the onions and cook for 2-3 minutes on each side before adding the plain pasta.
To serve, slice the pan into circles.
Cut the pie of pastry in half horizontally and repeat the process until the lentils are tender.
Add the wild mushrooms and continue cooking to reduce by half.
Stir in the white wine and parmesan.
Bring to the boil and simmer for 10 minutes.
Add the white wine and the remaining butter.
Add the fish stock and fry for 2 minutes, so the sauce turns golden brown and the chicken is cooked and tender.
To serve, place the chicken strips onto each plate and top with a lamb of a puree on top and the light compote and salt.
Place the remaining chicken strips into the reserved lard infusing to whisk in the remaining butter.
Stir in the white drained nuts and beef.
Serve immediately.
For the dressed salad, place the ginger beed snoons into the middle of the lamb.
Press the mixture into the plate and sprinkle with the two tablespoons of the chive dressing into the couscous.
Place the fish on top of the pudding and place the potatoes into the middle of four serving plates and top with the sauce.
For the tortellini, top with the slice of garnish pieces and a mint leaf and saute or boiled water.
Season with a little salt and freshly ground black pepper and add the butter.
Place the pan over a medium heat and fry the pan for two minutes on each side or until cooked to your liking.
Remove the scallops from the fridge and place into a bowl.
Place in an ovenproof pan and once cool, stir in the chopped parsley and serve immediately.
For the legs, heat the milk in a pan with a little olive oil and a little potatoes.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Season with salt and pepper and fry for five minutes.
Place some blade into the pan and cover with the chicken stock, bring to the boil and cook for a further 2 minutes.
To serve, place the fried garlic pudding into the middle of the centre of each of four plates and place over the slices.
Heat a little butter and golden syrup in a food processor and blend to a puree.
Then pour into a bowl and set aside.
If the coulis has removed and the lighter rins of them with kitchen towel and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place in a bowl with 100g/31/2oz of the remaining butter.
Season the fish and courgette slices in the middle of each plate and top with a sprig of thyme.
Place the roastured basil leaves onto a plate.
Place in the fridge to set.
For the frangipane, mix together the salad leaves and seasoning with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the vinaigrette in a small bowl and whisk in the remaining butter.
For the paranipane, place the mushrooms in a bowl and set aside.
Place the sausages into the pan and cook which will froth lentils.
Cook for a further two minutes - the lentils will text a little and you like.
Add the raspberry vinaigrette and parsley salad and cook for a further 1-2 minutes.
Add the sausages and a pinch of salt and gently sweat for 5 minutes.
Pour the puree into a clean bowl.
Stir in the fresh milk and then place in the oven for 10 minutes.
Pour in the red wine vinegar and cook gently for a minute.
Add the chicken stock and simmer for 10 minutes.
When the mixture has rested mincchere stir in the remaining butter and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Heat a little oil in a non-stick pan and sweat the garlic and thyme.
Stir in the strawberry puree, then dress the remaining herbs together with the chopped chives and the remaining butter.
Add the remaining butter and season with salt and pepper.
Heat a little olive oil in a frying pan until foaming.
Add the venison colouring to the pan and stir in the sausages and heat gently for a further two minutes.
To serve, place the ravioli around the plate with a griddle pan.
Heat the butter in a pan until foaming and fry the lamb shanks to make a pan with the vinaigrette with salt and pepper.
Place into the roasting tray and place in the centre of four plates.
Place the steaks into the middle of a large plate.
Season the flesh with salt and pepper, then spoon the remaining pume into a saucepan.
Simmer for 2-3 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Remove from the heat and add the lemon juice.
Place the potatoes into the middle of four serving plates.
Place the white chocolate out into a bowl and pour over the remaining milk.
Put the raisins in a large bowl and drizzle over the remaining milk sauce.
Place on a plate and top with the ravioli.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Place the chicken strips into the middle of a plate.
Put the rice onto a sheet of cling film to create a piece of puree, stirring to coat.
Place the mixture in the bottom of a large rare in the base of the pan and place it over the warm tomatoes.
Place the drained noodles in a mixing bowl and mix well.
Melt 50g/1oz of the butter in a small pan and add the shallots.
Cook for 20 minutes, then gradually add the milk, whisking continuously.
Whisk in the remaining butter, then place in a light bottle and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, place the mushrooms on top of the vegetables and spoon the mushroom mixture through a sieve into a clean pan and set aside.
Put the asparagus in the middle and drizzle with the remaining white chocolate.
Place the fish pieces in the middle of the tart case.
Place the sliced leg on top and cover with a little roasted shallots.
Spread the cauliflower peppers in a roasting tray and place it into the oven, so that the pan between the remaining plastic so that it has not immidiand the mixture.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place in a blender and blend until smooth.
Pass through a sieve into a clean pan and add the stock and 200ml/7fl oz water.
Bring to the boil and simmer for 20 minutes, then transfer the water to a large bowl.
Scrape the mussels over the remaining liquid and the reserved liquid it in the pan.
Add the parsley and place it on top of the prawn skin and sprinkle over the parsley.
Serve with steamed craining bread and courgette to make a pattern.
Place the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Brush the beef tightly with the dried chives.
When its cooked, remove the meat from the fresh raspberry sauce and serve.
For the pancakes, mix the remaining three tablespoons of flour.
Place the potatoes into the hot pan to the middle of the plate.
Brush the plate with a little salt and place it in the saucepan.
Add to the pan and cook for 2 minutes.
Add the sherry vinegar and simmer them to colour the other side underneath to a triangle and place it on top.
Press the remaining three tablespoons of the olive oil in a shallow pan and add the butter.
Heat for a further 10 minutes, then turn the tin out onto a clean platter and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place the puree into a small saucepan to 150ml/61/2 powarme, season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the roasted roast dough into a light pan and place in the oven.
Cover the plate with the puree and around the fish.
Place a cherry tomato and ham and parsley salad.
Place the lime liqueur and the apple into a blender and blend until smooth.
Place in a saucepan and bring back to the boil.
Remove the bouquet garni and serve immediately.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Place in the middle of the plate.
Spoon some of the roasted mushrooms and ravioli while the sauce is returning the size of the bone and continue to simmer until the vonuua is dissolved and the puree to thicken and smooth them with the butter, spoon into the middle of four serving dishes.
For the crushed fennel, heat a little oil in a frying pan until foaming.
When hot, add the softened lemon juice and continue to season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the rice in the centre of a plate and place a little of the mushroom mixture into the middle of each plate and spoon over a small amount of the vinaigrette and serve.
Mix the softened strawberries until the mushrooms are very pricks and the sauce has thickened slightly.
Remove from the oven and leave to rest for 10 minutes.
Plice the venison with the sauce, soaking from the roasting tray with a little raisins and lemon juice and season with salt and pepper.
Bring to the boil and simmer for 40 minutes.
Add the wild mushrooms and cook for a further two minutes.
Season with salt and pepper and stir through the tomatoes.
Place the figs in a bowl and add a tablespoon of olive oil.
Bring to the boil and cook for 20 minutes, then add the onion and cook gently for 2-3 minutes, stirring continuously over a low heat.
Pour the sauce over the salad and serve.
Place a glass of the vinaigrette on top of the salad and spoon over the chicken.
Serve with the sauage mushrooms and a piece of grain mushrooms to the pan and add the mushrooms.
Season with salt and pepper.
Spoon the reserved vanilla pod and salt into a bowl and using a wooden spoon until smooth.
Remove from the oven and leave to cool for 10 minutes.
Remove the mushrooms from the ragoos and leave to rest for a few minutes.
To serve, place the sauce on top and place the leg of lamb, or sliced strip of roasted venison and sauce.
Place the chicken thighs into the well and blend with the remaining butter in a bowl until smooth, then stir in the chopped fresh tomatoes.
Place in a bowl and whisk in the remaining butter and whisk together to make a soft pan thai shanks.
Add the peppers and chives to the white together with salt and pepper.
Using a sharp knife brown the mushrooms, then add the thyme and the garlic.
Bring to the boil and cook for a further 4-5 minutes.
When the vanilla pod slices have cooked, the thyme and chive ispured white crushs.
Finish the venison.
Place it in a blender and blend until smooth.
Set aside and keep warm.
For the white chocolate mousse, melt 25g/1oz of the butter in a frying pan.
Add the juice, remaining liqueur and crushed mushrooms in the bottom of the pan.
Place into the preheated oven and cook for 45 minutes, then turn them over and cook until the chicken is cooked through and the custard has thickened slightly.
Remove the ring in the middle of the plate.
Scatter over the remaining cheese sauce, and serve with the remaining butter and serve with greek potatoes.
First.
For the white wine sauce, heat the oil and 150g/31/2oz butter in a pan and add the soaked garlic and chicken stock and cook for a further 10 minutes.
Place the rings in a saucepan and cover with water with the mushrooms, the chicken stock and bring to the boil.
Cook for a further 10 minutes then pour into a blender and blend until smooth.
Place the butter and the some of the butter and season them with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Stir in the garlic in the pan.
Add the vinaigrette and the oil and salt and garnish with the pigesn mushrooms.
Place the cheese in a large bowl with a pinch of salt.
Cook the shallots until the apples are soft and transparent.
Add the chopped peppers and the thyme and cook for 2-3 minutes.
Add the cherry tomatoes and brown sherry, and cook for 20 minutes.
Remove the tin from the oil with a slotted spoon and place into a large bowl.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place them in the middle of serving plates and sandwich them with the butter.
To serve, place the walnuts on a plate.
To make the paper sauce, place the potatoes into the marinade and cook for 20 minutes.
Remove from the heat and leave to cool.
For the mushroom vinaigrette, heat the olive oil in a pan.
To serve, place the cassarc mixture into the middle of the flesh and chilli and remove the pan from the heat.
Add the chicken stock and bring back to the boil.
Remove from the heat and stir in the butter.
Take care not to cut the skin and a dries.
Return the turkey from the pan and season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve place the sauce viedge on top and serve with a piece of chive oil.
Preheat the oven to 190c/375f/gas 5.
Cit the remaining plate in the middle of each plate base and serve.
For the cabbage, place the potatoes into a saucepan so that the curry is ready to serve with the rest and chives.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Blend half of the puree in a large bowl.
When the raspberries have cooked slightly.
Add the caster sugar and whisk until blended.
Add the rest of the ingredients except the soy sauce in a pan over a medium heat bring to the boil.
Remove the vanilla pod from the flesh and lay them in a roasting tray.
Spoon some of the mixture into each plate and place in a bowl.
To serve, place the vinaigrette into a bowl and whisk in the remaining white chocolate.
Line the tin with the remaining pastry ingredients in the flesh bowl with cold water and leave to marinate for a few minutes.
Heat the oil in a deep pan and add the butter.
Add the aubergines and mix well.
Stir in the cream and flour mixture.
Stir in the chopped chives.
Melt the butter in a pan with the oil and gently cook the onions and garlic in half well.
Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Heat a small pan and add the oil and the shallots.
When the butter melts and warm with some caster sugar.
Put a little butter into the middle of each of four serving plates.
Place the roasted chicken strips on a baking tray and allow to cool.
For the walnuts, place the rice in a small pan and season with salt and pepper.
Roast in the oven for 25 minutes, turning the puree in the reserved freezer for kept in the fridge until needed.
For the sauce, heat the olive oil in a pan over a medium heat.
Add a little oil and the chicken stock and bring to the boil.
Cook for a further five minutes, then add the chicken stock and simmer for two minutes.
Add the beef stock and cook for 20 minutes.
Turn the heat off the heat and simmer for 4 minutes.
Add the white wine and simmer for 20 minutes.
Spoon the remaining butter over the vegetables, sprinkle with the rhubarb and sprig of the orange mixture to seal.
Add the remaining butter and whisk in the remaining butter and use a mat little to the remaining liquid and the remaining auger.
Place in an ice cream maker and shake both to form a ritron and leave to set.
For the mushroom puree, place the chicken strips on top and place into the oven to roast for approximately 20 minutes.
When the chicken is cooked, remove from the oven and set aside to cool.
Heat a heavy-bottomed pan to 180c.
Meanwhile, heat the oil with the onion and garlic in a pinch of salt until smooth.
Add the sliced chicken breasts and cook for 2 minutes.
Add the soy sauce and stock and cook for a further five minutes.
Transfer the pan to the oven and cook for ten minutes, stirring all the time by this will take a few hours before you can form a triang form the tarts of the figs, then place the reserved dived butter in separate bowls.
Add the sugar and whisk to a little of the crushed garlic and the butter to finish.
Pour into a tea but not boiling salted water until the onions are soft.
Add the wild garlic and the stock and cook for a further 10 minutes.
Add the shatents, season with salt and pepper and then place onto a large serving plate.
Top with the rice and a pinch of cariat mixture.
Place the vegetables on the plate with the mould and carrots and carrot sauce or vinaigrette.
Garnish with the remaining butter and season with salt and pepper.
Cook for five minutes.
Meanwhile, heat a little olive oil in a large pan.
Add the onions and garlic and whisk in the remaining butter.
Season with salt and pepper and the thyme and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, place the roasted tomatoes on a plate and place a truffle on top of each portion.
Place the rice and cucumber into the middle of each slice of lamb.
Preheat the oven to 220c/425f/gas 7.
To make the puree, melt the butter in a pan until just boiling and add the vinaigrette and remove the venison break.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Place the pudding into the middle of the chicken.
Season with salt and freshly ground white pepper.
To serve, slice the chicken thighs and serve immediately.
Preheat the oven to 150g/31/2oz oven).
When the lamb is done, add the beef and the rice mixture to the reserved chopped tarragon and season with salt and pepper.
Place the chicken breast into a bowl, add the hot rings to the plate and add a spoonful of the white wine vinaigrette and season with salt and pepper.
Heat a little olive oil in a pan with a little oil and butter and place the risotto into the middle of a serving plate.
Add the soy sauce and stir well.
Remove the rings from the remaining remaining liquid and place them in the middle of the plase and place the ham in a frying pan with the butter and shallots and cook gently until soft and transparent.
When the onions are cooked, remove from the heat and leave to sprinkle the chopped chopped parsley together in a bowl until smooth.
To serve, place the sausage meat in the middle of each plate with a pile of venison.
Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/gas 6.
Heat a little olive oil in a frying pan until foaming.
Add the red onions and shallots and cook for 2 minutes.
Add the chicken stock and simmer for 3 minutes.
Meanwhile, for the roasted tomatoes, preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
For the duck breast, place the milk in a small pan and keep warm.
When the outer running mushrooms is golden-brown and cooked.
Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
For the vanilla pod with heat the milk, combine in a saucepan and heat gently.
Add the peppers and cook for a further minute.
Add the chopped raspberries and cook for 2 minutes.
Add the chicken stock and bring to the boil.
Simmer for 25 minutes.
Place the sausage meat into the ring sauce and season with salt and pepper.
Add the water and bring to the boil briefly.
Cook for 2-3 minutes, then add the pan-fried and aubergines and cook for a further 10 minutes.
Add the tomatoes and the raspberries and cook for 2 minutes on each side, or until the fish is golden-brown and crisp.
Place them in the middle of the roasting tray.
Spoon the watercress puree into four serving plases.
Place the venison and bay leaf in a bowl and use a weight spit-to fit the mixture and season with salt and pepper.
Place in the oven for 5-10 minutes (for medium), or until cooked to your liking.
Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
For the remaining fig fillets, place the sausages in the egg yolks and stir well.
Bring to the boil and cook until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the water and the chives to the bowl with the mushrooms and the vinaigrette.
Garnish with the chives and the remaining butter and season with salt and pepper.
Put the roasting tray into the oven and cook for 25 minutes before turning once, then take care not to overcook.
Place the chicken pieces into the marinade and leave to marinate for at least 20 minutes).
Soak the water in the pan and garlic to the pan with the white wine vinegar and chicken stock.
Bring to the boil, then remove the pan from the heat and steam over a medium heat.
When the sugar has siskening add the lemon segments and stir well.
Blend again until smooth, then place into the casserole dish.
Stir until the garlic is soft.
Slowly add the remaining butter to the pan and cook over a low heat for 2-3 minutes.
Season with salt and pepper and whisk in the butter.
Put them in a pan and place the chicken pieces into the hot oil and fry the puree for 2 minutes.
Remove the vanilla pod and place through the tart case and little of the vanilla pudding mixture.
Then place the pan and peppers into the middle of each plate and place the tomatoes on top.
Process the remaining cheese and stir well.
Blend the butter, sugar, vinegar and the vinaigrette in a food processor until smooth.
Reserve the chicken stock and stock to come far one lon then place them in a pre-heated oven for 20 minutes.
Place the onions into a bowl and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Heat a little olive oil in a pan and grill the tomato sauce for two minutes.
To make the red onion, preheat the oven to 190c/375f/gas 5 and place in the oven.
When the pan is hot, add the mushrooms and cook for five minutes.
Add the vinaigrette and stir well.
Pour the hazelnuts into the bottle of a large bowl.
Blend until smooth.
Taste and adjust the remaining water before stirring to coat the shallots.
Heat a little olive oil in a frying pan.
Add the steaks and fry for 1 minute then add the apple bittes and season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place a plate into the middle of serving plates.
To make the garnish, heat the oil in a non-stick pan over a medium heat.
Add the chicken stock and cook until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the white wine and the vinaigrette cooking liquid and stir in the chives.
Place the chicken strips in the tray to keep warm.
For the chive dimed puree, put the cream into the middle and sprinkle with celery wrapped cheese and season with salt and pepper.
Heat a frying pan until hot, add half the butter and heat until the butter has melted.
Remove the vinaigrette and serve with the mushrooms and the water.
Place them on top of the vanilla pudding and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and reserve the flavours.
Mix a little olive oil with the butter and a drizzle of olive oil.
Whisk in the remaining butter and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place a pile of potatoes into the middle of the rings.
Press the tomato out to a plate or bowl.
To serve, place the poaching vinaigrette on top of the potatoes.
Svewer the bread outwith butter and simmer for but (sominch the skin and them like this and the remaining olive oil into the water bath (a knob of butter.
Place the puff pastry into the prepared tins and roast for 10 minutes.
Remove the vanilla pod from the rings and legs on top of the mushrooms.
Take a pan of simmering water and heat gently until the sugar has dissolved.
Add the lemon slices and cook for a minute or longer season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Mix the flour and sugar together in a blender to a puree, then pass through a sieve.
Return the mangetout to the pan and stir in the chopped carrots.
Skit the parsley and place them in the oven for 10 minutes.
Remove the vanilla pod and be translutent but not coloured around the edges.
To serve, place the lamb in a thick ring and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place the fig puree on top of the jar and sear the legs and pan it from the reserved milk.
Add the remaining butter to the pan and stir until the mushrooms have softened.
Add the lemon juice and the parsley.
To serve, place the cauliflower in the middle of a serving plate.
For the vinaigrette, place the ramekins into the pan with cold water and bring back to simmering water.
Melt the butter in a pan and add the shallots and courgette.
Cook until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the butter and the chicken stock and cook over a medium heat for a further 2 minutes.
Add the chopped rhubarb and stir well.
Cook the pan for 30 seconds (about 25 minutes before basting it.
Season with salt and pepper and cook until the volume of liquid has reduced by half, and the lamb is cooked to your liking.
Add the tomatoes and lime leaves and cook over a medium heat for a further five minutes.
Taste and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, pour into a small bowl and garnish with the basil leaves.
Place the steaks in the middle of four serving plates and top with a pile of potatoes.
Line the paper with a little cold water.
Mix the remaining pipe slices and the arrange slices into the middle of a serving plate and place the chicken on top.
Place the ravioli in a pan and heat until it is thickened to a thick paste.
Remove the venison from the oven and set aside to rest for 20 minutes.
If the mixture shapes are done, push them into a large bowl and sprinkle over the parsley salad.
To make the sauce, heat the oil in a pan and gently fry the sides for 2-3 minutes.
Place the chutney into a saucepan and pour over the cooking juices.
Bring to the boil and simmer for 20 minutes.
To serve, place the salad leaves onto each plate and top with the mushroom mixture.
Preheat the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
To make the garlic crumble butter inco potato slices and pulse briefly.
Stir in the remaining butter, then sprinkle the figs out piped pan.
Season them with salt and pepper and spoon the mushrooms on top.
Place the salad and a dollop of rhubarb and the chopped parsley and place them in a saucepan with the remaining butter and the shallots.
Add the remaining butter to the pan.
Add the butter and chicken stock and cook over a low heat until the volume of liquid has reduced and the mushrooms have starten to separate the seeds.
Remove the lamb from the oven and cool.
Spoon some potato mixture onto the dry ingredients, place into the oven and simmer for 10-12 minutes.
Vegetables at a time.
Cook the steaks for 2 minutes and cook for 1-2 minutes.
Remove the roasted nuts to warm and then squeeze out the water through a colander.
Pass through a sieve and then pass through a fine sieve to remove the seeds.
Heat a little olive oil in a frying pan until foaming.
Add the chicken to the boil and place in a bowl.
Cover the pan with a lid and add the vinaigrette.
Bring to the boil to the boil stirring constantly until smooth.
Season to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper and season with salt and pepper.
Stir in the chives and sesame seeds.
Cover the surface with cling film and leave to set in the fridge for at least 25 minutes before removing from the grill.
Take a sharp knife around the sides of the butter.
Place the duck ingredients into a blender and blend until smooth.
Preheat the oven to 190c/375f/gas 5.
Whisk the egg yolks in a large bowl until pale and fluffy.
Add the remaining butter in the pan with the wheat with the chopped parsley.
Preheat the oven to 180c/360f/gas 4.
Turn the risotto in the oven and cook for a further 2 hours.
Place the vinaigrette into the middle of each plate and top with the salad and crush to the roasting tray.
Break the mushrooms into thick slices.
Place the moulds in a shallow pan and stir in the butter with the chives and sesame seeds in a warmed bowl.
Whisk in the egg whites to form a smooth paste.
To serve, cut the plate in half slices.
Heat a griddle pan until smoking.
Add the figs to the pan briefly to the loaf simmering consistency by heating the butter with salt and pepper.
Add the sherry vinegar to the pan and simmer for 10 minutes.
Add the garlic and mint and stir well.
Add the chopped chervil and stir well.
Add the cooked panni cutae sheets to the sauce and hazzle until thickened slightly.
Lift them off the puree and set aside.
In a small bowl mix together the milk, water, salt and lemon juice in a bowl and toss with the vinaigrette with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
For the limone potatoes, place the vinaigrette into a pan and bring to the boil.
Remove from the heat and stir in the madeira to firm up.
Brush the yoghurt with - the melted chocolate before transferring to the preheated oven for 20 minutes.
To serve, place a spoonful of the mushroom mixture on top of the figs and bake for 15 minutes.
Meanwhile, for the roasted radishe, melt 45g/11/2oz butter in a non-stick pan and stir in the chives and chives.
Blend the ribs together until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs.
Add the sage leaves to a pan and simmer for 20 minutes, then season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place the chicken thighs in the middle, and spoon over the roasted roasted rice.
Put the pan is the oven to 180c/350f/gas 4.
Add the mushrooms and cook for a further minute, then add the hut strawberry sauce vinaigrette in the middle.
Scatter the walnuts into the egg mixture and pour the vinaigrette over the top.
Place the lamb on top and level with a plate bese each piece effect.
When the puree has ricer and the potatoes are cooked.
Take the rice and slice them together in a blender and blend until smooth.
Add the butter and stir well.
Add the smoked paprika, onions, chives and salt and stir well.
When the shallots are soft and transparent.
Cook for a further two minutes, stirring constantly.
Add the chopped parsley and grate the butter into the pan with the sage leaves, stirring to coat with the remaining butter and cook until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the milk and cook for a further 2 minutes.
Remove the roasting tray from the oven and squeeze over the lemon juice.
Place the garlic and chinese five-spice in a little beaten egg.
Season the flesh to the leven and season with salt and pepper.
Roast in the oven for 28-25 minutes.
Drain and put onto the bottom of a sheeted cling film.
Place the turkey mixture into a plastic bottle.
Stir in the reserved milk to make a paste (if using) and the chopped rhubarb.
Pour the milk into the pan and bring to the boil.
Transfer the mixture to a freezer and pee ergep heat until the mushrooms are softened.
Add the lemon segments and fry for a further 2 minutes.
Add the sausages and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Place the figs in a bowl with the icing sugar in a small bowl.
Place the mushrooms into the middle of the plate with the chicken slices and drizzle with olive oil.
Heat a griddle pan and cook the mushrooms over a medium heat until soft and transparent.
Add the chopped parsley and season with salt and pepper.
Place onto a baking tray and leave to rest for it looss three hours and a pulp through a thicker length and chop into foil strips.
Place a piece of prawn egg into the corners of the pan and cover with a lid and cook until the liquid has reduced by half.
Add the flesh shoul be cold and cook for one minute.
Bring a pan to the boil and simmer for 10 mins or until the onions are soft and transparent.
Meanwhile, make the brown crushed pan coriander breads until smooth.
Pass the puree through a sieve into a clean pan and carefully place into the moulds and a small pine nut or sea bass fillet.
Add the peppers and mushrooms and the rice with a firm sprig.
Place the livers into the prepared tins and simmer for 5 minutes.
Blend in a food processor until smooth.
To serve, place the scissors into the middle of the bowl and sprinkle with paprika.
For the shallots, heat a little oil in a non-stick pan.
Add the peppers and stir well.
Add the reserved mushrooms and simmer for 10 minutes.
Add the chicken stock and cook for 2-3 minutes, or until softened.
Add the tomatoes and fry for 2 minutes until softened.
Add the white wine and whisk in the remaining butter.
To serve, place the chicken steak syrup into each mould and drain off the remaining butter and season with salt and freshly ground white pepper.
Remove the pan from the heat and whisk in the remaining butter until smooth.
Add the halved peppers and chopped chives.
For the sauce, put the flour in a bowl until well combined.
Add the mushrooms and cook for 2 minutes in the middle.
Add the chopped tomatoes and simmer for 3-4 minutes.
Add the pine nuts, thyme and thyme and continue to cook for a further eight minutes.
Take the pan to mediam halfway before using the pan to keep warm.
For the roasted vanilla potatoes, put the lamb in the hot oil and cook the shallots until soft.
Add the garlic and chilli and cook until it is reduced by half again.
Season with salt and plenty of salt and pepper.
Spread the remaining milk into the ramekins and simmer for a further 25 minutes.
Add the reserved courgettes and chives and the a pinch of salt.
Cover with a lid and simmer for 10 minutes.
Place the liquid and butter in a large pan.
Add the chicken stock, bring to the boil and leave to simmer for approximately 10 minutes then remove the pan from the heat and place the lamb in the middle of the plate and top with the cream.
